It takes about a minute to realize a Yang supporter is really a Republican whose fragile ego can't take openly associating with Trump.
Unfortunately, his prescription for this accurate assessment of the job market is to lower labor standards, gut social insurance, and give people living in the Mad Max hellscape that would result $1k/mo.
You think arguing that there shouldn't be a minimum wage, that unions are bad, and that we should do away with most of the social safety net and a $1k/mo UBI can replace income lost to automation paints a picture of a friend to the worker?
He also regularly sells it as a way to replace lost income to automation, which is of a piece with his archconservative view that the  minimum wage shouldn't exist. 
He is a fan of low wages, he just seldomly frames it honestly.
If you think $12k/yr would eliminate poverty in the current economy, I seriously doubt you have direct experience with poverty
This is what I mean when I say Yang Gangers sound like they have no practical experience of poverty and are totally divorced from reality. 
You are framing poverty like Ben Shapiro does. Escaping poverty isn't as simple as "getting a job" or "getting good at something."
The post-Clinton safety net fucking sucks. 
I just don't think a venture capitalist who hates unions and the minimum wage is being honest when he says he wants to improve it. 
I lived through the Clinton and Obama admins. 
I know how that story ends.
If you believe $12k a year and the changes Yang wants to make to the labor market--crushing teachers' unions, eliminating minimum wage, etc--constitute a "safety net," you're just ignoring the logical and practical consequences of his ideas.
What he says on Twitter and in stump speeches and what he says when you ask him detailed questions unscripted are very different things.
Luckily, like most tech bros, Yang isn't as smart as he thinks he is and he isn't smart enough to be a convincing liar to normal people.
His appearance on @jimmy_dore gives you a good look at Yang's true face if you have attended anti-worker rhetoric the last few decades.
He explicitly argues against the minimum wage and workplace dignity for service workers.
He thinks only teenagers work in service.
He argues against minimum wage on general principle, saying only kids work those jobs and don't need a living wage, and Jimmy calls him out on that.
If you watched the episode and are saying he only argued against raising it, you're flat out lying.
If you believe $12k a year and the changes Yang wants to make to the labor market--crushing teachers' unions, eliminating minimum wage, etc--constitute a "safety net," you're just ignoring the logical and practical consequences of his ideas.
What he says on Twitter and in stump speeches and what he says when you ask him detailed questions unscripted are very different things.
Luckily, like most tech bros, Yang isn't as smart as he thinks he is and he isn't smart enough to be a convincing liar to normal people.
He argues against minimum wage on general principle, saying only kids work those jobs and don't need a living wage, and Jimmy calls him out on that.
If you watched the episode and are saying he only argued against raising it, you're flat out lying.
Fom 3:19 on, it's nothing but Yang arguing against the basic concept of minimum age with 80-year-old anti-union talking points and Jimmy shutting him down.
He makes broader claims.
The reason Jimmy starts freaking out is everything he says at that point in the interview is literally just mindless recitation of decades old arguments against the minimum wage on general principle.
You just recited one of those arguments.
Can you cite any evidence of recent minimum wage increases doing any of the scary things Yang, the National Restaurant Association, the GOP or anyone else recycling anti-union talking points from the 1950s warned us about?
You mean you forgot to read anything that isn't far right propaganda designed for a lay audience.
bernie could beat yang's ass keep them neet bucks i aint want em
tldr: that $1000 you get is only if you dont receive any kind of beneficial aid & effectively converts things like food stamps into cold hard cash that your landlord knows full n well yr getting once a month.
your landlord cant take your food stamps, but he can take yr neet bucks
ubi is inevitable as we move into automation, but the cogs in the machine that produce $1000 on EVERY step of the way are are designed to crush the poor.
itll be pretty good for the middle class we stand to benefit here, but its at least concerning how this program is specifically designed to take away finacial aid from the poor & disabled.
Yeah, I've reported and asked for an explanation. Unfortunately had made it clear that twitter is unabashedly against @BernieSanders and will silence him and his supporters every chance he gets.
'Rockefeller Republicans' or 'Tiger Lizzy and the Piccaninny Tribe'?
Yang is just obviously a traditional anti-labor conservative couching old anti-labor conservative ideas in progressive terms. He's even more obviously that than Obama or Khanna, which is the feat.
He's like a kid belly laughing as he tiptoes to the cookie jar behind his mom.
Elizabeth Warren: "Gang, I have a new campaign slogan: 'Rave to the Grave.' *Starts chanting in Sumerian.* And here are new surrogates to present it: Buddy Holly, Jimi Hendrix, Bobby Kennedy, The Big Bopper, Ritchie Valens, Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King Jr. and--Hitler?"
It takes about a minute to realize a Yang supporter is really a Republican whose fragile ego can't take openly associating with Trump.
Harris joining this particular field has to be the biggest unforced error of all time.
She has proven the silent premise of how Cal Dems have treated her--that she can't compete in an honestly contested statewide election--is correct.
Unfortunately, I think the campaign is going to take this as vindication of how they have approached CA rather than evidence that Sanders is such a strong candidate that he can overcome the hindrances of a truly incompetent campaign.
Better than an arrow to the face prior to modern surgery and then dying of dysentery. Henry V was sort of the Frank Grimes of English kings.
Given how many prominent surrogates and senior staff members have publicly approved of the WFP endorsement, I'm starting to wonder if the 2020 campaign is weaker than the 2016 campaign by design.
That and idiocy. WFP was about half the field staff for Sanders in NV in 2016 and they cheered when they heard Senator Reid was getting directly involved in GOTC. They thought Reid was going to help Bernie.
I thought Sanders staff being mostly bougie kids with barely any experience was just part of the decision to adopt an astroturf model. With senior staff & surrogates publicly supporting WFP's endorsement of Warren, I'm now wondering if the campaign is sabotaging Sanders by design
Of course you're not only not citing a primary source but also Forbes. Of course.
Have you ever run a small business? I do. And my parents and grandparents did. Educate me on how those work, how skateboarding is not a crime, and how to spell 'boy.'
You just recited one of those arguments.
Can you cite any evidence of recent minimum wage increases doing any of the scary things Yang, the National Restaurant Association, the GOP or anyone else recycling anti-union talking points from the 1950s warned us about?
He makes broader claims. The reason Jimmy starts freaking out is everything he says at that point in the interview is literally just mindless recitation of decades old arguments against the minimum wage on general principle.
She got dragged on Twitter for a week for taking Pelosi's side in the Ilhan controversy and she actually threw Corbyn under the bus on Twitfer during a Twitter exchange with Corbyn following a meeting. It was bizarre.
If, in the middle of this, somebody jumped in screaming that you hate Jews, this was part of a carefully choreographed PR event weeks in the making, and I acknowledged that person "diplomatically" by saying I'd look into it, would you think I was being an asshole to you or fair?
Berkeley is going to be interesting. It split down the middle in 2016 when Lee stayed neutral, turnout was supressed, and Sanders had a shit ground game.
Lee is now backing a dead horse, Sanders 2020 makes Sanders 2016 look like Obama 2008, and Sanders is polling in third in CA.
In both cases, she sided with the people calling them anti-semites. And in both cases it was after she spent weeks appropriating their media attention by embracing them.
No, I'm pointing out they gave a structurally identical appeal to service that I think is bullshit without making a direct comparison.
That was Obama's argument, too. He went into politics instead of going to Wall St. Turns out he became a politics to serve Wall St.
If you are arguing the right-wing talking point is grounded in genuine concern for small businesses rather than the bottom lines of rich people, you're just starting out with a fiction. Actual small businesses are mostly exempt.
His argument, very clearly, is that the federal minimum wage hurts small businesses and should not exist, which is repeatedly and accurately called out as a right-wing talking point by the host
No, you just keep ignoring what I think Yang's true agenda for the economy is and think I'm quietly admitting you're right. It's an unbearable combo of being deliberately obtuse and egotistocal
All Charters are corporations designed to move public funds into private hands and destroy teachers' unions. There is no such thing as a good charter. It's like arguing there is a good vampire, zombie, ghoul, strain of flesh-eating bacteria, etc.
No, speaking out of complete ignorance and rich kid wishful thinking is more a Yang Gang thing. I actually listen to what he says and note everyone who sounded remotely like Yang over the last 150 years tended to hire Pinkertons to shoot miners and railroad workers.
There are legitimately good people with wealth. They're rare but they exist. FDR was loaded and he was mostly great for working people.
I just don't trust Silicon Valley darlings like Yang or Ro Khanna because I have lived through the last 3 decades and paid attention.
Yeah, I know what it is like to be poor. And I know that people who frame economics the way Yang does wouldn't blink at building a mansion on the bones of the poor.
Charter schools do not outperform public schools. You can't produce a study that backs that up.
Charters are explicitly designed to move public funds from the education budget to their investors' pockets. Outside of destroying teachers' unions, that is their main purpose
That is the outcome of a socialist UBI.
A capitalist approach to UBI, like Yang's and Friedman's, is basically designed to be a negative income tax for the rich that also protects their assets at the expense of the poor by destroying public services.
The Sanders campaign's ground game terrifies me due to its sheer incompetence, honestly.
If I seek a hellscape where former union members are selling their children to mutant gangs for petrol and tech bros are chasing Mad Max across the desert on motorized off-road skateboards, sure
Or I understand it's not just a huge coincidence that Yang is surrounded by a cast of characters that resembles the RNC as depicted on The Simpsons, uses right-wing rhetoric, and is pushing a traditional right-wing take on UBI.
You think someone antagonistic enough towards unions to excite Elon Musk and the Cat Food Commission is going to create conditions that improve the demand crisis?
Eh, their organizers are idiots who thought Reid was interfering in the NV race to help Sanders. Bernie 2020 has enough of its own organizing problems without them. I think he dodged a bullet, though it doesn't bode well for NY.
f you believe $12k a year and the changes Yang wants to make to the labor market--crushing teachers' unions, eliminating minimum wage, etc--constitute a "safety net," you're just ignoring the logical and practical consequences of his ideas.
You think $12k a year while Yang dismantles your labor rights and what is left of the New Deal would leave you better off? And you work in agriculture?
Unlike most interviewers, he gets Yang to actually talk about his economic views in detail. And the "I love low wages and hate workers" tech bro speak just comes oozing out.
This is a good breakdown of his comments on teachers' unions. Note that in the transcript of the answer he never questions the accuracy of the quote he just tries to dance around it.
Have you listened to Yang talk specifics on labor or wages or reviewed the recommendations of Simpson-Bowles?
Also, I note, like Yang, you are using classic anti-union framing that seeks to pit non-union labor against union labor on the thinly hidden premise that unionized labor lives it up, which is typical of Management.
You cannot divorce the "Freedom Dividend" from Yang's regressive, anti-labor views. An extra $12k a year sounds nice until you realize the Simpspn-Bowles commission members and Elon Musk are huge fans and then listen to Yang slip up and mention specifics. Then you see the horror.
I'm not dodging, I'm pointing out they would have been worse off under Yang. They had union benefits and made $60k/yr. Under the current system, we lived on $5k/yr after expenses. In a world where Yang got his way--i.e. they had Amazon type labor conditions--we'd all be dead.
Yang basically favors a right-wing labor market where your employer can legally pay you whatever they feel like, which he calls "entreprenuership." 
Most sane, informed people who live on wages and know what employers would do in that situation call that "economic exploitation."
If their wages and labor rights were impacted in the other ways Yang favors--unions are an obstacle to growth, the minimum wage is bad, "entitlements" should be made "optional" and replaced with a substandard UBI formula, etc--no.
Yeah, a person who grew in a union household forced into extreme poverty by our health care system has no better idea of what poverty is like or what the policy consequences for the poor are than a Yang Gang tech bro--
Explain to me why a guy who demonizes teachers' unions, supports charter schools, and thinks there should be no floor for wages in the service industry would support collective bargaining as practiced in Northern Europe. Were there teacher union reps on the board of his charter?
You're the CEO of a tech company and you think you understand the day-to-day of poor people better than most people on the left. That is Grade A delusion.
You started with "yeah, sure, he has right-wing economics that should worry any thinking working class person BUT a member of the Cat Food Commission calls himself a union leader and likes him and UBI is gooooood" and ended there. You're not the sophisticate you think you are.
The kind who support the Simpson-Bowles Commission, i.e. the kind who believe their members deserve to live in poverty, support Yang.
I don't think you understand arguments.
If his charter school employed "most labor," then that's a knockdown counter.
If he just paid subordinates who helped him fleece  local government well? Not so much.
I think you're missing the whole "Yang opposes paying for most labor" thing in that comparison. He has openly said service workers are kids who don't need a living wage.
Intelligence, dark sense of humor, curves, and the right kind of crazy.
He's repackaging Milton Friedman to sell him to desperate people and white collar workers who are don't follow politics closely.
Workers will never gain power if people like Musk and Yang get their way.
The moderator presented him with a quote where he attacked teachers' unions and praised charter schools. Yang didn't question the accuracy of the quote, he just tried to sidestep the question. He's very vocally for charters and an enemy of teachers' unions.
By "right-wing," he clearly means anti-labor. Yang is a capitalist who basically believes we should bring back serfs and it is clear as day when you listen to his views on wages and unions.
It says Krystal Ball has about as much practical experience with poverty as the typical Yang Gang tech bro.
He also regularly sells it as a way to replace lost income to automation, which is of a piece with his archconservative view that the  minimum wage shouldn't exist. He is a fan of low wages, he just seldomly frames it honestly.
People who argue against minimum wage and also argue against "entitlements" along the lines Yang does and argue against teachers' unions instead of, say, rampant corruption within local school boards tend to have ulterior motives that aren't good for the poor.
SEIU leadership doesn't exactly have a sterling reputation in labor circles, from how they treat their organizers to how they structure their union. Progressive labor organizers refer to it as "Purple Satan."
Yeah, if you trust Yang, you could argue the current platform is just a starting point. Being endorsed by every famous living union buster not  endorsing a more Estsblishment candidate and sounding like Milton Friedman whenever he talks specifics makes that impossible for me.
You know, I take that back. That was my impression of Scott before reading the post based on actual exchanges with him. 
Based on the post, I think he may be even more in the Milton Friedman wheelhouse than Yang, given the "incentive to work" angle to his defenses of Yang.
I'm familiar with Scott. We've had lengthy discussions about Yang.  He is a big believer in UBI--as am I, just not Yang's version--and I think he allows his passion for UBI to cloud his judgment when it comes to things like Yang's very traditional, conservative economic framing.
If states were no longer shouldering the burden of our for-profit health care system, people were spending the money they now use to service debt on goods and services, and we reformed our campaign finance system, I think we could return to and improve upon the New Deal platform.
I believe UBI is a good idea but I just disagree with how Yang does it, which is the conservative version of UBI.
I think Sanders' approach to M4A, medical and educational debt, and rent control would offer relief and provide the revenue to fully fund public services.
You think arguing that there shouldn't be a minimum wage, that unions are bad, and that we should do away with most of the social safety net and a $1k/mo UBI can replace income lost to automation paints a picture of a friend to the worker?
If you think a guy who basically shares Elon Musk's view of labor gives a shit about you, you're just in for a really rude awakening.
I am arguing Yang is an anti-union tech bro Trojan horse who wants to make it worse and he unwittingly reveals that whenever he talks about unions or the minimum wage.
He thinks workers deserve low wages. That is the point. If you can't see the disconnect between that basic position, the people who endorse him, and what he claims to support, you aren't seeing the whole picture.
if that's not enough, free logic allows you to talk about objects without presuming their metaphysical existence
STOP talking shit about reviewer two's ennui
they're busy mocking sam harris right now, please wait next week
more srsly, the whole way to write papers would need to be revised - we all should maintain annotated bibliographies
And whom does he cite?
Please don't make me do your homework for you. It always comes at a price.
is that clear enough for you, or do you want to play socrates a bit more?
Yang is a Clintonian in wait, he’s a silicon valley tech bro who came to fight a fire with a squirt gun, but it’s a really, really flashy squirt gun. Unfortunately it’s also a really big fire.
When Yang went on the Joe Rogan Experience, who Yang called “the primary voice of reason in our society right now” (which by itself should be disqualifying), Rogan highlighted the big problem with this proposal. It’s simply not enough, $1,000 dollars a month hardly covers half of people’s rent in most major cities. It doesn’t cover record high medical costs. It hardly pays for most people’s student loan bills. It’s not enough to meaningfully invest in education or start a small business. Perhaps most importantly, it won’t meaningfully stop the core problem inherent in the coming automation Andrew Yang pins these various crisis on.
It won’t stop predatory landlords from taking advantage of the $1,000 a month their tenants now receive. It won’t stop predatory student loan companies and for profit colleges from targeting low income students and trapping them under tens of thousands of dollars in debt for close to useless degrees. It won’t stop pharmaceutical companies and the insurance industry from holding millions of Americans hostage and overcharging them for necessary care. It won’t lower the $1.5 trillion dollar student loan burden and it won’t make college more affordable (especially if the average pell grant recipient loses their entire UBI payment because of their college benefits, as Yang proposes).
A Neoliberal Tech-Bro in Sheep's Clothing
Literally how the fuck do you know that? Cynicism isn’t a valid substitution for historical truth. When labor is organized, it wins.
Anything can be improved upon. It's about cost benefit, efficiency, and waste. UBI is nowhere near cost effective, and I still can't get a straight answer on welfare/Medicare/Medicaid; if we keep them, it would have been much more cost effective to improve on them. If we don't...
Here comes the condescension and posturing again😂
As for your challenge, I've done that MULTIPLE TIMES. But for you, here's one last one. If you don't address this one, I'm done. 
How can UBI be the ultimate solution for the coming automation crisis, when Yang himself admits that it's meant for a "cushion in between jobs", and not meant to sustain yourself indefinitely?
What a magnificently bad framing of my point. I'm taking a page out of the genius's book, putting you on hold for a while.
So, neither, it's just a blanket solution that isn't designed to help anyone specifically, just to feed money indiscriminately into the system. That's all I needed to hear✌
Nice anecdote, Mr. Logician. Let's see some actual evidence this is a long-term issue.
Please, PLEASE tell me you're arguing that $1000/mo is enough to live off of. That would make this so much easier.
Admit that UBI can't sustain you without supplemental income
Pretend that it will help in the hypothetical wave of automation that will leave many unemployed.
You linked a Ted talk. Get real. I'm just pointing out a major contradiction in your argument my friend Ben brought up, that you now seem to be cowering away from. I would LOVE for you to clear it up for me, if you can.
I've read all his proposals. Seen more than enough interviews. You're living in a fantasy. He's stale, no charisma, no substantive policy. Just a lottery, and $1000 to flash in people's faces.
That's absolutely not true. $1000 + min wage doesn't cover all expenses, I don't know what fantasy world you're living in.