'[240] - asked 'who he said asked 'how said 'very said 'yes said 'bilbo asked said 'how answered 'in he frodo 'so said he said 'oh he said 'well said sam said said 'then 'but 'then 'but 'says 'who's said he said 'no retorted 'no said said so to he they frodo said 'so exclaimed 'some 'i cried he 'i 'you answered said 'i 'so 'if said 'that's said said 'which 'only 'what 'well said 'don't 'she 'then cried he he he he then said said 'did he he otho said merry said 'hiding he some as said 'it exclaimed 'the said frodo said i said i ' answered he he he 'take 'good he he they 'everything asked they he bilbo said 'no cried said he he said said 'indeed then he bilbo said 'then he he gandalf 'i he he he his cried 'well said said 'i'll he gandalf 'but he the said 'if said 'yes he bilbo said 'no he 'well he gandalf he he said 'in stammered 'well said 'everything 'he 'yes 'oh gandalf 'well he gandalf he 'yes 'i laughed 'and it said 'yes replied 'i said he was it from they hurray shouted said said said 'who 'i 'very 'i 'you said said then said they that retorted 'and argued he i answered 'then said 'there's said said 'and said 'i've said said 'drownded said 'you're put 'and asked the at said but they 3 he 
.[1147] - ' i ' i i i there i that clearly much when then i a 'let 'when but there but 'i 'known ' a thin though he 'but ' ' though he he 'he 'and 'how the there ' yes and 'a but the 'in it it in don't 'and 'last at even he his gandalf everything a next he 'you ah they frodo but it then he during then for it he the it after but the for he sam your well if 'leastways ' bilbo and he baggins 'there's 'there of he ' let and 'well but 'they but ' they 'and the 'all there ' ' what ' ' your ' he boffin he ' 'but 'all there's i ' who ' but 'ah queer sam the but little and trolls ores from the it that they but they the there elves there often he he frodo ' ' he he but for baggins frodo some as merry folco he when he some but he indeed and 'if the there but it bilbo the chapter frodo the he good 'and ' i but i how 'you ' if some they i i expect i ' i 'why 'at ' i i i at but no 'i 'neither ' it let but ' it 'well ' it's no he 'he 'oh ' i ' 'do ' i honestly ' but ' 'come 'my 'if suddenly the ' it 'she 'lobelia he then 'lock it's when the frodo ' 'it her he a but spoons 'and it he ' i 'only when they the but he frodo eventually it just 'anyway ' 'he 'he when frodo in the some fabels a frodo there and there rory old old the but every the not it bilbo's this when fobelia bilbo for hugo for she for milo on b for dora for adelard there on inside ' bilbo his he frodo by people morning the the night gardeners one about rumours ' but 'i ' still 'has ' and 'you 'you'll there he he'll 'don't ' i he 'but ' 'yes 'has frodo goodbye gandalf he then he and now i but don't ' take 'good 'what he it 'well 'everything 'is three bilbo 'now 'well suddenly a before ' i it 'put ' that you 'and 'well 'you ' i 'and ' 'very ' it it 'after ' i 'all presently ' give stop go 'it ' and i i and sometimes it and 'but i bilbo he ' i i 'and ' i'm what 'you 'i slowly gandalf they bilbo ' then if it gandalf ' i 'but come 'all 'now ' let it 'you bilbo 'you he ' and it's and ' 'it ' yes my my 'it ' 'but ' it i 'and 'why his ' bilbo you also i i magic it 'i ' 'you it why and now don't 'i 'yet 'isn't well 'there 'where ' 'the ' it's i i he i but in ' you'll frodo ' but i ' i i in i ' 'no 'no ' i that 'why well i 'i in probably i are you it but ' you ' you a though i ' 'i 'hullo at at into the he they they from on then he then he as as he frodo most but he he for frodo ' but silly neither but for even i 'he's it then old one when there good i i i fie thirdly fie why they obstinate i the i ' 'one many this no your together the some he for i cheers secondly there this don tremendous indeed there something have cheers shall the seizing but master indeed they most hundreds there cries deafening i this bilbo today also proudfoots his 'proudfeet my they the bilbo flear my they most after the the all besides they otho the some there bringing the this there the that the they out it it a the and there there there the they but the at there when many there the on but actually not hobbits ele bilbo many a practically bilbo the then anxiety that then excitement a more lanterns there the old the a one from bilbo even a there before people there the 'we ' anyway ' stick it ' i ' i 'yes 'how the the inside the ' 'you 'run bilbo when they 'g hence to his at it small he he an at a it the an days a ' our but there's if sandyman ' you and 'he's 'ah the but and don 'cabbages 'elves bilbo mr bilbo's crazy he's but i bilbo and i'd bilbo i bilbo mr i ' 'all ' the and they 'but bilbo mr old a frodo anyway boats 'there 'you ' ' frodo drogo and frodo so drogo bilbo's she drogo 'you 'well they ' drogo a after bilbo very frodo but small they 'not ' that's ' it 'baggins with bilbo a they both now he no bilbo the tongues bilbo each twelve ' 'you bilbo when the but he baggins 'it 'it there at at baggins time and the bilbo bilbo book it there it though it only none at he some in since but these but the in that 172 a 1592 r it the the to but 1420 r frodo 1 that this the by the note 1401 r baggins 1342 r he but his only after he with of that it the though eventually gandalf but evidently this but bilbo to in but there at warily so for just the what but his but he there he but and the in bilbo since so maybe for it he he he at bilbo trying it ele the yet the with 4 and how sixty few there at a there they the by these but as the the the the the it for yet but there in growing families 1462 r outside nearly north ' though not but from the it 'all the and they the it it he 'how the but when this all a 2 hobbits the it in they all sometimes bilbo the a that the their they the and most indeed the the they three for but it indeed no but the the hobbits these indeed but the actually all if not they though they nonetheless their the so even 1147 r the in at they they the forty the many 37 r there but to while 2 thus all they for about yet and it most there indeed in even in they they the they the they they they the the the the before their why their it their a of those but and yet only the but of it and their thus they as he according they their for but they they even they hobbits for many that further 
before[33] - . the it , sunrise . long . he . , i the . , they , , long , that an all , we the this been , learned they the other 
him[85] - before without , . . for , he when most was anxiously again to again . till out bad . so . and a off sitting into . . , . . . . standing . ; , by : . . his to being ! , in being , ? constantly 'master , to his we went in by as to the long a kill , with in , , without he that to to , ; and as when . long : there 
of[634] - him him how five it that the sam the the power various course mortal the morning bag a the spring the the himself him them tales all the them them them the frodo's ordinary course all creatures mordor their the mordor the the far news strange his mountains bag fifty his a good sensible these bag bilbo the giving the bilbo's hobbit legend jewels mr the his yourself his spiriting the ? altering it that the something tea bilbo's the one course thinking several the . witnesses hobbits frodo it him papers spoons the money course everything old ointment potatoes bagshot the course the forgotten course giving hobbit his the his silver books hugo good bilbo a this furniture packages the other strange bag it bag wind yourself the different relief anger birthday the his yours course course his a confounded relatives stretched hearts your your a moth the merrymaking the bilbo the the course them shock light my his frodo age my course them you you approval you all the the perfect the them musical trumpets yes stuff course the the the most provisions his what their the them these burrowses his bilbo provender getting sitting a people the bilbo silver yellow flying coloured butterflies dark scintillating gandalf squibs rockets people course real them which them at the entertainments the cooks the the bagshot bilbo's gandalf his polite them provision bag us all it a the the his their the the course all fireworks fireworks his the the them lamplit beer boating than hobbits the bilbo's your it the bag gold treasure chests it sixty no it gold tunnels your money bag hundred trouble pushing the course him it buck the hobbiton by 'roots' vegetables conversation mr the age' his age the these his poor course it a tunnels the special bag the the galadriel the material years sauron n histories gondor them less such the rivendell the the years the these rohan their them great bilbo's findegil the the the aragorn the those names the the the king the peregrin the master the the the the the notes the the the the westmarch the the these the the their their the the his the marvellous his its it his the bilbo's a bilbo whom the elrond a hate the the escape which old the the the gold rock the the a the the renown five the great april kings the the the what long strange any them people beasts course their the postmaster the michel adding the referring peculiar emergency the the thain free old the wild kings' the course their chapter many this the some folklands the the that gondor elendil its gondor westernesse the butterbur bree the smoking the course the the this shire isengrim longbottom the the buckland this mystery nicotiana a the clay old westmarch the . the relatives brandy great the shire hobbit the smials building death fear those them the them that the immemorial the the men building the buckland the a their that the building that wood the old the the abode time good that the weapons the ores greenfields the course any the those the the all living the well their the this dearth the the men the angmar elves men the the the the them the the stonebows hobbits the years the personal months their the the the the the their their westernesse men the lune eriador buckland harfoots rivendell old dunland them the men the living hobbit the woodlands trees hair skin skin the a men the the greenwood anduin their the old learning their the the all middle the their frodo bilbo very strange them that hobbits men old ours later six simple their yellow their the old isengrim our any disappearing hearing 'the that his the the westmarch their their 
heard[15] - of bilbo's of in tell tell , his more . she they this it of 
never[28] - heard connected have return want to been seen answered called been bothered seen seen got come stopped see looking did had much spoke to found went fought , 
have[70] - never consulted known you always passed you a never seen seen all become had merely other such heard come curdled come thought been ever really ! still said felt never killed never been had never thought made told had wisely a been any called finished party been my a the to been little been been altered attacked concerned been convinced made done been books come learned begun rendered never developed 
i[228] - have might could had could could told had saw at could heard wondered feared did first no still have promised am ever guess was had work don't warrant don't tell bet was heard daresay want can shall wonder , shall wonder had begin love could would am have find shan't shall can may have was thought am come may will say beg , . thought couldn't thought had came wonder mean have have longed nearly saw forgive thought shall insist know am were wonder fancy think think had wish knew hoped wish cannot can must am have am don't have shall have couldn't have really ever will will don't don't couldn't found tried am have felt am wish am am hadn't found shall tell won't please choose say shall say tell am found do am think should still was had got should don't may don't suppose hope am die want asked can will hope have can might can want believe need mean feel am don't have don't shall don't have need feel am don't know expect suppose do suppose believe always am am said regret wish now remember had was may may should like should am am hope am welcome shall wonder mean hope haven't made need think am might says hope don't was saw know know can hear reckon say chapter got and knew suspect have think 
frodo[89] - . . again , at . , was by replied ! welcomed had a often gathered began himself approached also went kept alone alone did thought saw . . . , . in , , collapsed also as came . replied was , had had . ; was would felt . took . came comes with , , has . did was to , ! ! . , were left only is is that . was was my happened as baggins , brought did ; or his baggins his 
asked[14] - frodo frodo frodo no : . bilbo , him to ; old one a 
?[49] - ' ' ' ' ' ' ' you ' they take ' ' ' ' ' that you fiddlesticks i ' i ' ' i it even it ' ' ' ' why ' ' you ' ' ' ' ' he but ' ' ' ' he this 
he[336] - ? resented had had mused said was was took warned had did was said thought thought told is becomes fades often merely does said broke felt was smoked pressed thought had would had went paid had walked sighed would had drained knows told said had had believed nor saw sees did saw works said could was took looked felt began had found had was retained visited was wandered had lived shrugged then did said called gave refused at did had was gave got said told said told used found said took went thought had went said had thought shut had escorted snapped said read spoke stood looked said received was invited had welcomed left left preferred always really asked gone said jumped turned paused sang added said looked stepped whistled said could was picked drew shrugged said sighed said seemed turned said said began seemed took said said spoke said was cried asked said said hesitated was gets will ought is does offered will lived said snorted removed put slipped stuffed then took hung put took went walked was slipped stepped had had was got gave loved realized felt had had had had called hasn't said stepped said stop comes said cried blew had began called whizzed remained disappeared only was had wore brought has added listens is had had came produces goes comes went brought pulled and went often married was was had spoke held adopted had had remained was had would sought visited and also discussed was had retired nearly took returned had kept lent was show believed never could kept used escaped did overheard confessed also did got continued heard seems said had had found won leaped would kept himself went put ran was fled sped cried did had would was thought slipped demanded lad was was would would would asked would was kept talked loved still possessed could ate paddled was could put groped set bad still revealed had was set managed put learned certainly went was knew would says and was 
is[93] - he a strong a far dangerous he supposed good partly interrupted , that clear resting indisposed only ! saying what quite safe mine it mine your no my it , in it still probably off the far also , too my , the no more . , free full to , his as his mr no said probable said that stated an drawn not a true told at true never richer not thus , thus said not not another related important probable no clear clear can plain dealt variable , due briefly largely 
'who[2] - is will 
back[27] - . in at . and . again sooner indoors , to speechless at of way , and to from to to , . . than in again 
me[37] - back see of strange that or , to of ! when the . . in , that ! , . . . , , something . about about to , necessary , and up . why that 
held[6] - me in forth sacred in in 
always[16] - held kept of worrying moved saying used replied been new used wanting badgering said said had 
something[11] - always when really in . . to else fishy in quite 
but[180] - something he i if he neither he the trifles his the secretly that sam i ted it there's i even they cunning it now they half it more that his he frodo that the hardly in frodo i i'll i if odd they i he all rather lobelia for he could , bilbo she he looking not very frodo keep did the just it i to mine i you he he nobody i i suddenly they the at why old bilbo most bilbo rather of they as so terribly there designed lunch they it as it that i not the neither the they bag he the my there he i hobbits be they're he's now he so unchanged it there he since the it many annexed he he he the many being when pity gollum the after the all if it for much those the as there contented that even came in he all hobbits the no the they suitable in were in they the in they one they being there the in what they they that they hobbits very 
,[1417] - but and i and as though that just searching one i frodo and bilbo ' 'so ' he and it and even ' i but if sooner and he until he but does who frodo they the and of of and magic so ' far because ' gandalf deep for and and and when nearly and and but the and and ' frodo there as and and and coming and whistling and and if and there i'm friends you'll and ' they're that ' as even had and ' if that shaking half ' they sailing sailing never from past out mind 'you ' ' i as if and perhaps as these laughing ' getting ' and but 'i ' 'and ' if if 'you ' ' to the and though showed one reached of but but no and it like and seeking and dwarves however passing could who frodo and and and until and about especially found after they people as and but especially as as for which he but and ' perhaps end but and had who the became who and for and and almost and especially ' that somehow if there or as i so and or especially ' ' anyway and i inventing what ' he frodo so ' not ' i i and what it frodo sitting i driving running ' i frodo but much and ' when not and ' merry frodo any as if where and not of 'and ' ' if merry young was turning after investigating which very unfortunately but 'and ' they fidgeting and ' you ' merry or and but no however were and pictures as all of and as and got in and a a did and most of or and written and there that of but she while on as and on from and on from from hoping and on with on from for as for but but smiling uninvited there when and and and and and the and and and and and filled but and if ' and it you'll i ' i but and ' just ' i 'he ' deep and my passing and and and silent until pursuing if and he as and ' and and bilbo for gandalf looking for off sniffing and let's ' ' that's the and his but till ' don so ' and or 'it ' ' but and really and ' and ' but and don't ' bent and as but ' whatever if and ' gandalf and and his breathing and i ' i say if and my now ' and ' i but 'but ' and my i ' ' yes to anyway and unless if you magical ' but and i i 'i ' bilbo and why no ' if ' i yes er you when except of with and yet just if of as i won't as in they however and without and mountains gandalf anyway i've after ' it or if sort i but gandalf and i as a i or and and as 'but ' and i let ' i 'i sitting ' but and and and already and and but he smelling and and folded and and he even and past even of and my esmeralda and ' and and hornblower goodbody brockhouse bracegirdle bolger burrows chubb grubb brandybuck took boffin every after until and eleventy as i he and i though however and the if indeed like feeling were and if and ' frodo also of to but and to for and he he but and supposing in but small but many as and pipes and repeated and exceptionally and was of brockhouses goodbodies bracegirdles and and and and and he the waving seeming and rising began and and and at now however that cellars and varied abundant in would after had bilbo their that written but as and hornblowers goodbodies brockhouses bracegirdles bolgers and especially and with though except that and and turned and and his but and as and in and or or disappearing and goblin elf dwarf torches sparklers backarappers crackers and set but when and tea food of and games music dances there and and all so and as that but but flags the actually september arrived from at and so were adjoining and covered south and packing ticking or i carrying and and and hoping or commodity but and ' shaking i and and for mind and and ' and bilbo feeling and and to had helped though and but and smokes whose and of that each as and a singing not such what and presents mark and if then disliking ' mr about and but gaffer and gandalf and voicing ' but ' ' or and mark and they where when a and ' by and a ' i or and bless and that by being among as who ' sandyman the ' and ' and and as old if as once he ' so and of till and mr i seemingly dad if and ' where they but the especially and calling ' as in sam the and for commonly 33 111 as ' frodo september and he was and until the of most and ' but but there that whatever and ever and there and together his though which they especially with but though having and gondor and though the and no being both between some grandson and words especially and and of made finished king's and probably but has however for especially but and genealogies that bound were probably and together which wardens the and at and were up remained secured to he the and bilbo sting or save chiefly as many call in by as all to and he which and as disbelieved however though both as not and as and he it and which if pursued and he gathering he in and smelling on and and cursing as lest and and and too though it and and lay he not of and and and even gollum after differ it though as and more and then then saying which and if except even and his when if even and peering and until lying he as and but or the and and though and far beneath the on it on to and descendant than indeed and gandalf not who and and and or had as did great was varying for three more no of or but and and so which given that for a if and of nonetheless were however and for accorded indeed the which but and and because and away or the of and workshops farms so but generous as book such but although which and east south the and and and where and originally i whither but observations that the as or wizards rangers likely i whom to of it at where though but for and old especially about some some all 'is ' his or a which the through an set if and and clannish in many or as such as and was and or learned improved and belonged however and or thatched no indeed and low but and and and and and and few standing and and the was as came which east and the as and were the and and ropers smiths or brick there michel or such even began as with mere only as and or as it for and they and or foe and do when so perhaps difficult if ease and they but or hanging these though and s was and before been of and but sheltered in and until and and as and and vineyards cornlands and it and but and and though or ruled in but and and and for and speed and between and that they set marcho and as and that the and who that doubtless some though and the a the between such they but and were the and and and and and and and heavier and and smaller and stoors so and between that and from nonetheless and and dwarves and but east and are the and both by they and these lived in in and and after or which and and being often and and and with red bright broad the which much since being in with was bandobras and they ranging even that smaller have and and studied in when they and and as shy as though or a more and while may however since and the composed under and 
white[11] - , council towers council spaces gate gate beard downs downs winters 
the[1206] - white first ring lies ring truth first battle dark white year wise ring credit ring same thing ring ring garden lawn sound dark rings dark eye twilight end ring great rings great elven craft lesser end wizard ring silence tidings dark light same trees' tips fields new south wind sun hearth study open wizard night wide same study once wizard next party hill early sun sky grass weather bag talk fair hobbits elves legends woods shire old words west sea grey shire western old sea white harbours bounders borders shire same audience north hunting northfarthing north rest stories miller's fire shire comfortable spring green conversation borders deafest ears mountains power dark old white evil background dark hobbits land enemy west hobbits' blue grey shire ancient road evening woods shire news world shire strange shire old other river wild autumn regret future mr first usually luck appearance elves starlight hills amazement shire old younger custom mark next growth wizard blame blue neighbourhood general meantime true shire second talk past shadow twilight evening old door shire country peace shire present ring wizard point true true dwarves door room hill window wizard's knock front door shop hall search finding legend larger cellars walls hole door step throes premises floors place study legal will adoption will whole things sackville study hall sackville commotion middle gate road hall place whole books chief first southfarthing poorer things various old district birthday custom course assembled spoons point day collection eldest hall visitors callers step best uneaten forgotten crumbs flowering lanterns spoons chairs tables pavilions hobbits sun important morning field guests master wizard other mantelpiece envelope end dark darkness grass night meadows bottom hedge long fields lights road door road dark time present door road air black front stand hall hobbit's wizard floor packet clock envelope mantelpiece ring other wizard ring door rest affair only joke end same shadow hobbit room air wall little hobbit grey hilt same wizard's truth other mantelpiece shire mountains wild party book end bell best whole final others wizard door mantelpiece envelope top book field sounds pavilion din golden pavilion health party sackville guests old same guests indignant know joke only wine vittles moment tooks most guests joke table guests end time banquet fact long anniversary required sackville expression sackville juniors elders birthday tooks way assembly noise springle young hobbits mark sort tables table pavilion back other air golden lanterns light illuminated corners company speech feast stocks ensuing district purchase guests absurd after one invitation sackville shire matter addition families guests word hobbits invitations tree great special prostrate pain signal dragon crowd heads summit distance lights hobbits water air trees astonished art special fireworks fireworks guests fact gate mountain way like hobbit presents year gate latter new guests borders shire same fun clouds sun 22 party eve weather dwarves field north hobbits chief head field tree tents field three road bank large hobbits time gate hill bywater hobbiton invitations postman calendar days neighbourhood hill next best dear round turf flowers late garden open party day door young door time onlookers disappointment old legendary oldest old hobbit excitement party 'attractions' shire shire wizard old elf old hill cart brim brandywine direction second end startled hill day old shire knowledgeable party miller gaffer outlandish miller younger minds legend gaffer miller stranger business old hill middle sale garden gaffer top westfarthing inside sackville papers lad place cause miller gaffer hobbiton boat moonlight water brandywine saying old youngest mother's gaffer old brandybucks gaffer tales old brandywine wrong gaffer's neighbourhood leading gaffer matter growing gaffer hill job joints same garden bywater ivy gaffer older chief history shire coming date old bagginses irresponsible hobbits same sackville hopes eldest hobbits sackville mark same hill old riches shire wonder elder last grey day departure high second dates assistance tale arising history shire books rohirrim language kinship shire shire calendars relation shire shire history red libraries same heads elder sources elvish' whole chief king passing steward full war account tale elvish red first thain thain periannath red request thain's great request most children descendants use first original fellowship hobbit three war shire westmarch fairbairns home ring war history red third end largest shire fourth first end kingdom greater reunited shire inclusion great hobbits part third end shire celebration preparations shire 22 ring old michel dragon dwarves gift account shire help ring gate ore ring help truth ring same idea first truth good truth wizard true ring old truth true copies original council way game very treasure game story passage dark end wretched ring mountains eastward mines lower ores marvellous darkness truth 'thief way ring water passage hobbit light island ring dark island dark wickedest thought answer game strict authorities ring game end challenge dark tunnels riddle hobbit ring mines ores one light water light tunnel bottom mountains roots floor dark mountains black misty party way third long matter battle hoard dragon quest east mountain kings dwarf year grey great hobbit ring finding ring considerable sign first borders bounders time bounds shire strayings nearest hobbits name shirriffs two busier most messengers only watch messenger mayoralty offices shire lithe white free shire mayor shire only second took family head custom rich latter took thainship hobbitry shire shire master thain chief oldbucks office took rules laws king king hobbits ruins shire high ancient most shire shire westmarch buckland east farthings boffins bagginses tookland time old names farthings shire shire ordering art wizards d coming long greenway fragrance men north men lower world weed same family prancing old an home recent genuine art shire people pipe first bree hill south shire plant varieties best year second days true southfarthing shire legends one shire introduction history southfarthing tobacco hobbits origin burning smoke red end genealogical time more more brandybucks tooks case elves holes houses chief shire early oldest hobbits craft west hills sea elves shire days sea lop sea westfarthing hobbits tallest moonlight western tower shire west grey high elves teachers elves hobbits d craft shire shire most river marish folk down eastfarthing hobbits brandywine marish inhabitants habit white shire chief older hilly hobbits low flats simple well most poorest old poorest richest shire course ground mark bow presents mathom museum shire north wolves weathers battle shire borders only last shire long labours guardians right rule world world authority region shire hobbits south marshes northern brandywine far king land hobbits time days famine long disaster dark king authority land hobbits north king aid witch last world history western shire name hobbits brandywine crossing year shire king's great far river land north power days bridge brown high fallohide third one hobbits past sea coasts kings lands westron common elves art d manner hobbits shire chetwood first hobbits lands sea kings d hobbits mountains misty westlands masters tooks greater strong other river mountains other least fallohides borders loudwater course harfoots great banks stoors most most most wilderland others mountains foothills harfoots others fallohides stoors harfoots hobbits mountains crossing forest land multiplying mountains hard misty great eaves upper distant evidence shire settlement older hobbits sea old north same regions shape third great wise counsels days world elves elder beginning same languages only hair days shire hobbits second red earth art first first more earlier outset great hobbits east world first red earlier hobbit title red selection 
saruman[1] - the 
consulted[1] - saruman 
perhaps[7] - have longer whiter . he'll wise , 
might[11] - perhaps say suddenly call find have have say say say prove 
wait[3] - . . for 
and[851] - wait i soon i stretched uneasy he might he if very walks if to some they delight blew he wisdom his eyebrows his on the the they soon of more great twilight had he doings seemed journeys going after thoughtfully up a the went got he said went frodo's old he get half still i solemnly leaving clapping there walking maybe goes that's children's there opposite those most there armed growing south away wide disquieting of some hobbits dwarves were not as talking his merry more wondered the his strange did the energetic pippin woods to merry fredegar out often rained there - the he to grow come had lived gold reappear a eventually was a indeed his walked go everything lobelia me a see keep i i put how out have don pushed hope a evicted tapping comers found slumped correct snorted unlabelled he they tell we left handcarts others deals quarrels mixed before more , voted now a especially welcome several kept worse too ink had frodo the small parcels worried about other tooks bolgers boffins the handkerchiefs gloves cracker the the the plates bottles knives the the the began removed keep it also all glanced found went took trotted followed tents voices whither errands i on then that perhaps bowing the labelled a set seized the deliver all moved i somehow smiled undecided i leave i pulling disappear i yet troubled the gollum he the menacing he you go be then i why indeed only attentive there i curious they annoyance a i no there little fields the he a quiet then closely i given alarmed it according have gandalf stuck addressed then its bundle also a from weatherstained hood fastened put wrapped to stood he slipped drained present discussing drinking questions ignored he annoyance drink more proudfoot stamped forty the vanished suddenly finally let they could birthdays especially forty wondered some into nephew see rather i admirable that one with miss began brandybucks enchanting other flutes horns no obvious they eleventh both well proudfoots bolgers hornblowers burrowses chubbs grubbs brandybucks my boffins stood went kept to their nibbling warehouses prolonged sometimes forty his detested his some proudfoots selection various brandybucks also boffins present frodo the the alarm burst many he scarlet began it there came a turned their thunder flights the made drinking eating tea dinner drink , was were from had some bywater not came sundry additions there the other eating stood generally a wide pavilions poles making voluntary the the they they still have for i i of peeping nasturtiums sun golden peaceful gandalf then the some never the dangerous lights the the shapes right bushy a deep toiled the as there its all that look the i you potatoes dragons' i he out a some in trapessing there jools silver has suddenly never living he orders then was stranded pulling he all poor his he he old mr second mr they other in that right consulting frodo son stiff had he the character rumour by frodo a coming live frodo the brought bilbo's unimportant he his as trouble thought if it unexpected had very excitement with information the his his old names rohan bree for the tuckborough gondor at peregrin written 1418 learning arwen there quotations many contained was completed various preserved during at records legends many written many - nothing the hood his no frodo rejoined suspicious disturbing he abstracts he made as despair fled though bilbo listening from a hope talking went the once he recover once angry returned treachery of bilbo trying not forgotten cried they could eat the he strangle eating catching on there so many thorin the his thirteen he he not legends always creatures complaints to they a much the the first of even was exceedingly moot the captain the just usually wicked even small moderate not eating the west these west became our esteem flourishes larger there centre fro such certainly southern family the since square all in elaborate reckoned many frodo inhabited the even hobbit having comfortable they a the distrustful grew less as not small fewer in they strange they of they heavy barns workshops others cartwrights the the in ramifying the in arrows sure at for their looked could they peace many the indeed they of the plenty less they there a fifty woods there though kindly the the multiplied they they then meddled of soon they all acknowledge roads all the they having blanco first a days about spoke in began in been ere to wide the elves the the more came of song had the there followed were holes longest far representative roamed long of slimmer they also riversides they hands hillsides they nimble feet bootless they shorter fallohides its of perilous the customs from their men distant even the the troubled renowned of the hobbits their forgotten disliked liked eagerly in delighted of heartily drink eat laugh drinking to comely could skilful were green prosperity able in four stocky clumsier a practice their this silently deft do though sharp are now did well good quiet the his back called a from 
watch[2] - and . 
only[43] - watch the essays one to knew that the a say a point a one say fifty been very brought appeared a reached here to hope twelve a shire duty real held in for in one the with a one after the craft by 
could[31] - only not do not now . get not pick hardly . only all be ask do wish . neither not catch go be swim see still survive , still get make 
anyway[8] - . ? ; . , . i : 
so[46] - anyway powerful busy it this i , i , easily ! many i growing queer ! , patched many sure , loudly important magnificent excited that lavishly big . mr they queer far called he to it to it that that they unwearyingly , they that 
do[35] - so . not you up say say , hear i i so you that swaps it as as . with you when , with . things with of as still without with not not not 
to[421] - do work the put guess make himself blame look you begin make my the think tell think do think see me return the the think a the believe . be their the hear reappear their its appear wandering feel which himself say himself think notice the it go carry all a vanish the wish get be know change but your tell use worry wonder . be you people do go live say disappear the say revive anyone close regret say see his the me see discover see see see keep the them make do get come all say clear the say bed see joke go the himself the be a set me the do frodo waste give give frodo make make put be an dwindle help rob tremble the grow get the get me know know badger ? it ? himself that being him be see , once come the see feel , talk the explain give me plan catch find frodo the the his the be do have send frodo his cure talk be spend announce make my ancient refer fill fit celebrate a work live tell dance have most bag follow cheer anything listen nothing the drag refuse which use twelve the their glow other all its supplement the go work the find have tick pour enjoy your go the the the them his unload gape bag be be the be a what others him him all fill keep old , be be get live go all his hear tell meet him wag be be have live grow forgive be call have marvel dwell be elendil shire those him be have it gondor him these him it the rivendell be that the his the a frodo anyone his bilbo his find bilbo think be delete have have him fetch give them his help slay the a him himself guard his murder a the break him keep guess the answer ask a the gain it him the find his bilbo's frodo no see 'beat their all the preside his the produce be them the remain the . . our be and be as have have bree his smoke be his call have set whom remember the report climb be the be have build live build be - adopt get quarrel it kill daunt it hand become throw maintain fight remember think the the plenty hold the the dwell lune gondor write become settle spare tilling settle do glimpse us eating laughter ride the a men meet be find know become 
right[13] - to , down now , , . inside up , agin . of 
no[58] - right longer more more elm call name longer more longer more need secrets notice baggins business sign doubt need . ! cheers noises admittance good more harm harm tunnel lack call wonder one close record more one doubt further one uniforms means longer king longer traveller contradictions more hobbit harfoot further immediate time tales longer knowledge wish longer 
had[189] - no that an been won been found better brought been run given begun seen ceased turned been more a with always heard once scored been no been been always not suddenly never not done as a done undoubtedly run at always gone to better pestered already hardly overcome begun a somehow relieved time retired no a been some labels usually circulated got acquired written carried left not inadvertently by come been better it to your been kept been already difficulty been enjoyed sat said clouded a only not plainly been depleted a a been felt hardly been come indeed never a , finished seen a a not picked me fewer heard helped tended a only given better no many not now brought been departed used worn not won found been promised found at happened lost been come brought passed any been been , ceased borne passed long not been hardly long dealings ever ever ever not many any long holes been originally left no once grown ever , never hobbits ceased ever many once before long again been used in long preceded more much already in , long tough 
;[145] - and but it it but and but but nor and and and and but but and and but but but but but and and but but and but for you're but and and and but she as then or his and and but but and then but and though and and which his and the but and though there for for there there there there and but and and and but but but but but and 'and and but there but and and and but 'and and and it but and and and and but but for but but and from and he for but for and but but and but and for and and for and but and for and while but and for but and and and this but but and and they their and their but but but but but and for 
harm[3] - ; will , 
greater[4] - harm strength families families 
doing[4] - greater it exceedingly splendidly 
without[12] - doing a warning orders another it a looking seeing hope a them 
from[90] - him the mirkwood the , which there distant home the a uncle b bilbo bilbo the the the the a a laughter the the all a the all his elevenses dale the outside other every view the the home trampling michel his rivendell the the the them the the notes his gollum the which the the the that the time bree the that dwarves elves the the the the south hand the the their it the bree b arnor the the these elves general the hobbit the the the its 
it[301] - from , . , was was . with on had shrank did ; was was was would . would is had was was was ; matters was was , wasn't was was seemed was on was went queer was . snowed became secret safe in very may . be rather was at all : , ? is was can . to , was . did had was will his safe secret , may may . , is was joins with began was gave in and up by will on for and all would would would any hasn't away easier to . behind in up out is on was has any would . , ? is all will . up go has , now is came . is of any quite is was was at , comes behind stay is ? has ends : does in , has seemed was quite in and on to , might he away on for was more was is is came out in was spouted shaped startled was was was a , will is . , . had all was . to . all ; is was was again may , beats was ! seemed seemed was is is was alone an received is was was , and back was was again secret was important , did still himself , was from to is for to was got was , . and is seemed was hidden was , was without and seemed in happened being portended should remained is , occupied as into must only sweet is grows was was grows is is for in . would is in . . direct is was was , , came was . the stretched had , had . . . was was was became is is is may 
take[8] - it dragons care my care it away it 
not[124] - take well believe know know seem suspect grow die discuss . long returning at gone worry until think very die see certain to at to what even positively true so improve addressed be a , much unexpected make , open to trying one a his ? by ? ? really seem want so sing seem keep finished convey matter disappointed forgotten considered life only a so very matter a indeed been far convince long . much come enough appear been discover mere told say even the use yet on fear far a guess , with even ; even quite make heard greedy true even native tell recorded known go many yet found everywhere only know least at mentioned actually wish hurry understand and possess 
that[275] - i such all was set he at bilbo the only the to in the the it he rules in such gandalf gandalf evening the gandalf they i he isn't away elves are others ted ain't one even the name time began adventure age he he he being they frodo he was he was dratted bilbo . i i will have about i that ring ! would was , had you is only seemed the afternoon he had the quite she lived had ? he it is , will again clearer before he i odd , can't has would ring flash everything moment was their he he mad his the though everyone a occasion it eleventy i he was i delightful did they is is sprang rose flew at for every did was were grew the could very the was stuck there very everyone's wouldn't old visit . time sit as trouble isn big the lives he . autumn something time anyone shook was the he celeborn meriadoc the did it was book bilbo most contained time led he he also he the he this gollum this led gollum this , if made had bilbo guarded he he all outsiders they the he is title the they estates was he i before land the i has ancient the he . in district tobold we follows could must they included stage had tower one time the many quarter sort maintained lived astonished son passed hobbits had had was made peace pleasant followed was war they was had the was the lay came had it fell like hobbits vanished are in curious is heredity are age story has 
else[6] - that in , will that in 
little[23] - else lad of and later . room rivers addition party joke effect used more creature he they troubled importance people practised people of 
was[314] - little not the clear that in getting getting very to always growing himself wrong very another full sitting smoking perhaps thinking shimmering in warm on sitting fading walking over just quietly down now early growing a cracked a an to some walking an an as seen a ted sitting spreading said ominous seen at somehow a drawing steadily quite rather not sometimes seldom meriadoc dead short not mostly that remembered discussed closing carrying looking very lobelia repeated an a an : in not , very sitting blocked packed being given , plenty now largely a away a a ninety drogo's a piled simply waiting a only dotted a about all like startled an professionally important sharp a his . surprising standing never making the not nothing absurd probably in generally a nowhere a now very only my ridiculous meant some unexpected almost necessary the doing proudfoot in liable impossible the a not held a a also a a also finally somebody not invited really intense on erected right a cut busy a snowed blocked bright shut forthcoming just far due gandalf gandalf driving driven spread september now on a thought a this drogo's staying his our drownded never mr a recognized very mainly himself going going being understood still ninety young generous too much also not full popularly very much put probably written chiefly added later thus brought a written kept added in long so writing suggested not already the gone that tempted that saved like gone not with hungry in black bound a stumped lost not hunting not the a lost assailed slain fought won destroyed successful old not employed the to elected the liable still the not divided , from no put the furthest derived shown said , well called still beyond very rich gone still that demanded in current named in at room mirkwood far shoe commonly surpassed four their derived 
there[106] - was is was came was stood are was ain't . were were were the were were were he is came was , was was were were was was was , it , is was was ? , was was was was were were were was was was was was was were were were were was were were were were were was . was might were were s wasn't be seems , was was in were was was is after , were was was were gollum , , came were were had remained is is were was in the for was , was of many remained and 
angry[5] - . soon . light , 
got[21] - angry the up used up rid torn a two rather the far on up on up tired up the in in 
soon[9] - got they as after afterwards , as passed mingled 
resented[1] - it 
unused[1] - ; 
left[12] - unused until them his in for 'messages' me a his an this 
better[6] - left finish know take for come 
were[195] - better too perilous but only , made best as perhaps deep sailing various murmured abroad multiplying wars troubled the , no leaving rumours running peregrin two rather several invited forgotten staying knocking going being rather shown left given one always several out staying you rather so very needed getting insulted chosen trying marvellous , on large prepared forgotten sipping , not present not only various many easy included related selected limited pillars fountains green rockets all let not by merely sitting marked three songs of toys so unusually those even also overlooked unfurled quartered hung intensely built seldom called sitting great going mostly going drownded ready on finally willing some to of composed many little found made the probably already also collected held done many called in in wrote lettered the the attached now only the covered , the no accurate , also as often , usually still well rather specially now not keen doughty , , of apt unwilling used now , the at little , in reckoned falling dwindling often , more a less the the still lovers taller fairer larger broader neat beardless browner doubtless hospitable as clad a taller , skilful 
rings[10] - were . , of , were as were with are 
such[20] - rings matters fragments treasures excellent as as 'shire promises things as as as other things as as dwellings as readers 
often[20] - that how uses , met he by he in be as away did conjectural as to large obliged found and 
bilbo[124] - often found never know had was knew . was had and had was , baggins back away to told were , , had believed , and , , had baggins until . . chose took . , stood drew backed . obstinately , . flushed , , , impatiently . , . . baggins , baggins' s was did had to was . left , , and , baggins' and . , met baggins was . . and , gave and has comes when is never , was , and baggins was one and was was baggins gave hung , , after set guessed first was guessed followed saw knew pressed won accepted wished defeated could to at went was yet and , himself 
told[12] - bilbo you me you me the me you the it in of 
well[36] - . , - eh , - , out as . . , , , ? - as as merited . - as on known - . to with - and - - tilled as - - 
all[112] - was this the . interest the this these the the over appearance the over . . that ? she the around inquiries the over the right the over the my about that's about , , i thin arrangements these remarks blinked feared , , together the that agreed enjoying see the the ducked superb the the beautiful and the its of the over sorts through alone this . mr mr over the accounts you . his in over the details the . but agree was was the their hobbits their tooks other accounts the that but hobbits hobbits trespassing sensible with later other that the the lands full . times hobbit the 
warning[3] - i before to 
real[5] - warning name dwarf business official 
first[31] - real . begin , shock bottle he of , and cousin birthday copy volume century : story told sign shirriff thought put actual grew began year becomes to the adventure hobbit 
once[23] - . that familiar seen began ! : , . , . , a removed again . more his , come had more the 
at[160] - once once last least all need length last first last one him this times the overhill home them bywater - the that this maps that any times times which once last a unlikely least once least all all the the any a once returning bag it last the last his the me his all bilbo him that first the the once the esgaroth last every their that once the other those least least the bag the bag the the the the bilbo's the bag it bag night the first the bag brandy bag the bag thirty that bag ninety fifty ninety . bag last great great bucklebury the the the great undertowers brandy great undertowers large the this bag bag the a bay length last last all last once the the need frequent banquets midsummer the the this fornost this any the the the that home the need bay michel no the fornost all once fornostl bree all all large 
keeper[1] - at 
its[19] - keeper chain end troubles borders place fine height branches folk southern pages ancient existence pocketses wearer flowers new pages 
on[126] - its my its his to the the the his the their the , , bilbo's gandalf long for his bilbo's with chair her the and seeing things his a an a a a an every the . down and the the the and my the you my the his frodo the the it quickly his eating that the a them the the his his a repeating their this this their wednesday all party the thank the thursday with to a . business living the the the that the the very by the visiting mr , old the june his his his the to the nor him the his an down the a a a his the the my the the their the living walls the the 
work[7] - on for it in of in . 
set[11] - to sail it it pieces down out out out out out 
power[8] - that from will that , was in of 
unwholesome[1] - power 
an[52] - unwholesome odd elf old elm inch inch elm untimely echo excavation insult eye empty umbrella effort eye old angry envelope eye interfering old enormous announcement impression impromptu elderly engrossing inevitable express embattled enormous old odd heir orphan important abbreviated exact alternative unseen elvish island 'accident' afternoon's is astonishing invasion they unobtrusive adventure 
ring[47] - had beyond , . well was at itself was to is , , , . ! . to in yourself , ; as secret , that in : was , many he his . that , , and slipped was . he had of , as that 
clearly[1] - the 
comfort[1] - . 
my[50] - comfort heart guess mind ring mind advice heart dear feet will preparations mind pocket mind turn precious ring dear precious precious own own own journey ring pocket book mind heart joke dear little memory birthday arrival heir birthday one good dear dear dear little mind lad dad's lad pocket own 
for[158] - my that his mortals frodo news three one moonshine . the mr one several some twenty oddity young a a me a at the the legendary the various a frodo much creaking which lobelia the angelica's milo more dora his adelard them good the you a a the years , him me a a it nine him a so bilbo more some granted the a coming it three a miles many hobbits everyone everyone supper a miles tents . invitations the every all you the a grand nigh all you me those the those family a bilbo forty he a that , fame sixty the the larger his his the the the the many gollum a ever just the a he he a an hobbits inside instance it the they nearly generations the the to ages granted round towers the the even these a they sport , anything a their the it incomers many the they they such 
alike[1] - for 
much[35] - alike like that did about longer more louder hospitality more hold bread for to as . like to like of the talk that annotation that questioning or evidently the about to the like shorter of 
too[18] - much well . . ? obviously troubled . much much sure large short short firmly big much late 
lies[2] - were far 
present[13] - the . well , , ; who . . by at . , 
birthday[19] - present was party , - - presents slipped of . . : , - - , with s . 
his[207] - birthday claim ring long last mind eyes face beard hair old visits own long mind mug early head arm other fiftieth forties mind dreams own tweens real closest shoulders cloaked hand wealth book journey story tea fingers wife pocket friend possession long former spoons very reply painful will garden three old favourite hand bag shoulders eyes hand hands pocket hand shadow small hand now deep kindly eyes voice eyes own own days pocket golden study waist embroidered party hole finger magic pocket speech own daughter wits disappearance feet health guests inheritance' inheritance feet name trouser embroidered beaming place place mysterious table wife took eyes jaws garden own head firework real skill hat audience letters money wife vittles marriage father first second father name youngest 'coming tweens heir younger relatives good oddities money prolonged travels remarkable eleventy sons heirs successors reckoning herhlore account hundred fifty home pocket travels coat fireplace sword journey home return friends quest companions 'birthday habit memoirs by birthday island account companions enemy's courage only sword 'precious' finger pocket hand luck peril 'precious' eyes screech 'precious' ring word promise hand hand island 'precious' long large way pocket hand own twelve favourite memorable only name mind youth dying gardens herblore remarks subjects lordship heir return journey 
with[137] - his the , the care frodo surprise him the dreadful its the bilbo them bags a him it a his a young something a barrows anything minor people things love full eager dwarves stars all an it every my suspicion it woods the me a the him a bells bilbo their the the a a a a trunks sweet age ropes your bilbo fires a long odd golden a a a his chests his boats him perfect bilbo some his his treasure a him some the the eriador rohan the it his many him events the his him him his pale his them him the grass no things hobbits innumerable great the turves dry them the deep only bows the mathoms the events their a a the elves dwarves their mouths whom in the dismay tools hobbits 
gollum[17] - with came would said did show went had in crouched . passed had was failed challenged . 
like[32] - gollum as a , wildfire a an this to parting butter goods less ; an : a a an a a of , , the mr a mere longbottom many the machines 
doubt[6] - . my you everything they from 
beyond[12] - doubt the the the its their the record the living to count 
claim[5] - to is , to to 
put[15] - his in it it on it in together his it his his it together to 
trying[6] - to time to to to to 
been[61] - trying tight then away so heard rebuilt driven fond rather bilbo's laid , longing busy so like friends called scraped dark locked fingering in asked pulled said specializing in welcomed ordered some seen adding nearer the written preserved unwilling given on except greatly pre no carried kept the altered known accustomed obliged fought often warlike well deserted built forgotten changed published 
saw[9] - at was one strange him her in mr his 
out[56] - of that of . noisily away by , of of of through , a of of . . personally and of of into the to a an of and flew . again , of for west beyond of of proper boating of , , , of . , on fair a of of from of of 
truth[9] - out in . : in from important , , 
last[22] - got test letter sooner every he gone night word . , word to surprise living he even leaped question for battle battle 
when[44] - i bilbo i i they you i you there he frodo otho she even he i they there the every the the i he he he bilbo mr at he gollum they he it he this hobbits they put they they they they large 
believe[5] - it the in your that 
won[6] - it t the the the the 
how[10] - he gollum much far abominable he he things little much 
story[11] - of for much soon , : , as begins opens was 
strange[13] - story things things dwarves things wayfarers visions events songs and persons words creatures 
bilbo's[28] - strange birthday hundred reputation ring gold heir father residence empty catering front front wealth tales first favourite translations private later first back door days time time time time 
then[41] - i , you , suddenly he ? he they a without ? in ! he he you you find sealed went he he he there , thursday the ? made he we he we he he like the perished the lived 
clear[6] - from and to away , that 
least[7] - was a i once one because numerous 
plainly[2] - it said 
as[160] - plainly for you ever bright ever sam know the not like an big you a gandalf time bilbo children bilbo hobbits if i soon every he if between the well it a bilbo i far master if i happy he you you i i well i often it far i usual if he for i you well i well has i much bilbo's they gandalf gandalf on a they they had you fine is you sunk he the you nice it the i've the the his mr reputedly well at mathom a he long will he he soon an it a he bilbo he he he his it bilbo a he they is not often it they mayor isengrim the muster they trolls they a the in skilful still colonists longbottom the in their they bachelors the many indeed hobbiton they they a all trophies the the their well it the leaders weathertop far those men a for they a 
great[31] - ring rings rings delight weight borrower deal pavilion smoke bundles smials smials families skill - smials smials events treasure wizard or deal care smials bridge following store river and . events 
a[367] - great shadow last sign finger danger weariness handkerchief spring bright late good brief cool while busy lot good little bit point stride tree general youngster shadow rule number robust good party tragic river pool favourite flash bang fireside day year long great surprising final plot disturber nuisance good week warning present last face pony minute soft belated battering tussle bolger compliment brandybuck really little lot table long while false very glass penny capital strong dozen bottle woollen new little tendency small good case present great contributor young round gold century large long label large large number very golden packet joke while rustle low moment low great fine laugh look spasm deep pity moment way relief thief while step fool flicker curious gleam few nice string lot change permanent very holiday little few chair heavy large leather bundle large locked battered short worn smile moment ridiculous few dead blinding time moment song bad package compliment time purpose youngster horn pretty table merry chair tolerant very glass pleasant high lot free chance few number splendid deafening somersault roar red mountain great hundred hiss yell forest shower red phalanx sweet moment whole flight generous year while week fair bad rule back few very variety party draught specially large special notice constant holiday small while single few large cargo long silver long tall cart few century rumour day hole friend pint bit queer look couple pony lad matter visitor stranger tidy day nasty kinder couple regular child mighty passion decent baggins young queer dark wife brandybuck very small more hobbit very rather good local party long short work copy . different fifth parting single more fine drawer museum 'present' while present reward tight magic present curious disadvantage halt chance green guess shiver 'riddle' mere riddle way riddle sword hole ring secret struggle small loathsome cold tunnel ring while high note quest morning hundred nuisance rather feather selection number special nominal thousand rule number part great variety herb small family preference token word green beard large rule stone way mathom grandfather's hard district thousand thain king great reckoning great few remnant northerly shadow time few love day rule thick merry horse little close professional rule hand water forge well few little reader 
by[86] - a the water the himself himself bilbo offering bilbo's bilbo mid orders arrangement one now his the you any barrel 'coming the , parental the him him him gandalf the the a accident bilbo sight outlandish the what all water all his water meriadoc scribes peregrin meriadoc frodo barahir the the the a gollum's the frodo right his his his wits luck ores the no the the the the meriadoc large themselves devices the the millers grief wars their the no two bigger ; him bilbo 
came[37] - by in the into to a out without and by for in out to over quickly to the from down in in back of to to to upon one northward by for to to over down west 
wondered[4] - often what if what 
feared[3] - . that to 
what[35] - i way it he about lay are did he bilbo about i fun this is has i business i was he is you you you he i've about has had haw it degree little exactly 
yet[12] - what still . it . understand , had the forsaken they it 
know[27] - yet , , ? the , , too already , why ; what what where , what anything best . half no more of nothing them more 
did[42] - not i not not bilbo , not not settle leave not not mean i you not very not not not not not not not not a not after not he not , not in not not . not not . , not 
though[33] - i he he i most that he , i the they the he elrond the more in he they he he such he before one he slow there it no reduced they they 
heart[5] - then of that of was 
fell[7] - on on on almost flat in on 
shadow[7] - fell of in of passed filled that 
found[27] - his out himself that it to her him i it it their extensive to in , the the . only wild in elsewhere ; both as in 
armies[2] - , was 
five[3] - armies armies and 
battle[5] - of of of , at 
just[14] - before at out making go to as before before one below as in . 
mirkwood[3] - , had . 
dark[18] - power power power shadow tower past , : green smoke bad , water gollum's without , things plague 
drove[1] - the 
council[3] - drove only of 
year[16] - that or , until after he and before it the s 1341 1070 one of of 
in[385] - the memory his an from the the the the what the thought silence the the talk hobbits small the these his the the by them some one the the the the the greater mirkwood the legends whispers the the unusual the the the the the the the and honour the the hobbiton nine , the quietly any his fact ! ! , the the the the red his front the the the his return the the memory the boxes wheel the there the my thought the soon the the the the a its your the the my a his his your his my love fact years peace my fact a . his old a tissue . other the hobbiton his wrath keeping the this - very a the their one his the chorus his a the fact bits food golden remote hobbiton the the the honour a those the hobbiton again person the the his the hobbiton at vain hobbiton the broad through september the a these the trouble the and foreign the the the brandy after , the - more the daddy buckland the the number the the welcome flobbiton his hobbiton middle the place discovering the the brandy the rivendell which the minas iv all iv s condor westmarch red origin the the their the the the his his a fact the this this fact several the his a the the which the his time his its the it the my the the his a the the his the vain the a the the dale exile the tales each all practice their the the every times - other s the their all it warm the gondor the the this bree his the his the the the the antiquity such themselves this what dealing any one comparative the many for their the the other their the a muddy . the the the burrows bilbo's the the such the holes a the bitter which bilbo's a olden fact middle that the that the fact name love repair , the the those their these the size bilbo's ordered the bilbo's eriador handicrafts language tunnels one the the ancient build the the the the bilbo's which which the middle fact which the spite presents parties a bright the this all ancient fact their ancient the the the 
see[26] - it more what him him me you the how sackville him him frodo him gandalf why the mountains if him , the : that beginning the 
'let[1] - me 
memory[5] - . of on of : 
searching[1] - back 
mused[1] - , 
guess[6] - ? . . , the , 
begin[3] - to with to 
'when[1] - did 
longer[9] - doubt , dull concerned than occurred found certain be 
make[13] - . himself off use it up sure that an and . themselves many 
test[1] - to 
say[36] - . the they that to . i no again a it , than no good . that so . . it ; . 'thagyou : what what it ; , , . . , so , 
one[66] - might of another thing day else , was was . . bigger dragon corner evening day knows of thing of or they by either , another present hundred years then gross hundred years or corner today hundred hand hundred gross last present . end morning of of evening had , day else another thing day , wizard art ancestral could window that of thousand of place 
still[43] - do to , hoped laughed about , got am in could to more without in mainly appeared lived kept remained , said lived bore passed comes had to at had constructed felt handle curiously some a endured dwelt be in a linger preserve 
this[65] - ring ? ? time one one , time is is sort : evening is party before whole , is last was remarkable was made was was occasion occasion very mr and frodo was work note account history point book point account was is slimy last gollum story date time history credit case plant , peculiar book people story tale time was book an remarkable book 
about[48] - this it my frodo's . elves the these the the the a it that the again midnight serious me to , ? the my for this eating 'dealing it that what stories that jools with this the it his the herbs the it hobbits this all , this 
known[10] - about much all this as as , to to of 
mean[12] - known otho to , . to , , : to to to 
you[127] - mean known . anything , known call say had think said stopped began , get haven't . believe : ; might reckon can listen do and want see again were something afraid not will take wish vanish to mean think , had know . don't like hear you're don't go are mean . . worry are had know used would . , one , will say . won't want promised owe can . say do . . won't have go may , have want want must remember agreed ? know before going have know are have feel and visible would this very deserve half half all that all long are , , could , do know like can like can , . , might hear follow could 
if[53] - you anything he he the that's you it i you they he i i you you they they not you she i i to it i you you you gollum you you i you you they i i it they that's you half that he bilbo he the he required they any it 
wise[4] - know , enough and 
'i[19] - have won't did am have don't should have don wanted should think am do wanted am wondered hope do 
gandalf[56] - . . . , had was looked . reappeared had . . . . , ! . . , remained ! . . . answered , s the s . stood . . looked . laughed , looked . came many intended improved : s , . were . the s , and thought , the 
said[110] - gandalf . gandalf frodo that gandalf frodo that . gandalf no ted . sam sam sam ted sam , ted ted sam . little ; that . gandalf frodo gandalf ; you frodo gandalf gandalf . . merry frodo to otho the fobelia . gandalf the gandalf frodo softly , . gandalf the good bilbo gandalf with gandalf . . . . gandalf bilbo . the , bilbo gandalf gandalf quietly softly bilbo gandalf thoughtfully bilbo bilbo nothing to so , , this all , bilbo bilbo gandalf bilbo gandalf gandalf a the sandy old the several the , bilbo . that of here nothing both of that that to 
'known[1] - ? 
again[36] - . . in for . . , : to most ! , , . . to , . very before , . . . . ; into by by . the to each become . , 
long[54] - have life have silence ago absence back after time while the life correspondence sloping life enough holiday lake , the ; white grey beards come - remained preserved as ago ages fingers annals ago been ago centuries and since , been peace been past winter before disappeared the dwelt by lived past years and 
'how[5] - long long terrifying bright old 
control[1] - . 
getting[6] - control restless a bored them mixed 
sign[4] - that nor , that 
stretched[3] - he , from 
thin[2] - and , 
uneasy[1] - . 
restless[2] - and , 
proud[1] - of 
very[46] - proud useful beautiful noticeable mysterious seldom careful unlike clear fishy trying well own small unsatisfied hard long precious bad much buch' splendid pleasant distantly expensive few week fond month month much polite nice friendly respectable lively peculiar rich notable curious ring exceptional well ancient little ancient 
himself[22] - , . invisible and ; : wondering the , , with , . 'but growing had , . , had about , 
credit[2] - for : 
took[33] - all them to usually who no the the , the to out a out out off it , and grandfather a died himself with , family had family up routed the ail bullroarer 
connected[2] - it with 
life[6] - , , . we - - 
'but[13] - as this this what i i you i not there i i what 
'very[3] - wise well well 
chain[3] - . , , 
kept[18] - it up out those it that secret on up at in it the it secret the by a 
'so[4] - i do do did 
letter[1] - , 
warned[1] - me 
'yes[7] - , , , , , , , 
tight[2] - . place 
where[15] - it you he they many it they it i i there folks it now dark 
finger[3] - where , . 
off[32] - a without again home into at tramping at the . with and many quietly . my on again ! splendidly his again by answers the , ; and in in than in 
slip[2] - off in 
suddenly[13] - slip his befallen the it he that , that into he found became 
way[17] - , ? to that where to not that from and , out out out out . that 
odd[7] - way things . now folk - - 
expanded[1] - in 
or[89] - expanded weight queer later well later obtain heard two you sent ominous a even worse rouse not unwatched with a jewellery some two were somebody wondering something ninety offended recite some two less two a sailing supper pretended anywhere bywater luxury cracker two you'll it legends summaries begun lost so samwise spying earned how over small the of norbury the wanderers 'art' leaf wood inhaled the discovered roofed straw men sailed fallohide stone in tuckborough smicils none so weather to gathered on ignored so stoors chieftains even a like 
shrank[1] - or 
weight[4] - ; feast . as 
size[3] - or , ; 
same[16] - size vigour as , time once time , job birthday as time . , as things 
seem[8] - always able right to so to to magical 
after[44] - ; you a dusk taking the his heavy a the year all i he waiting the him him all to all several the a - the him dinner his all the the his much the ages accepting the the the the the all their 
looking[11] - after forward rather at at out packages waggon a further for 
needed[2] - looking to 
thing[7] - needed , is ; he , about 
blame[2] - . was 
itself[4] - was like , is 
suspect[2] - that , 
worrying[1] - about 
mind[13] - and dangerous than you always . . lately , an and months to 
growing[8] - on fast fear . on of old food 
queer[12] - , folk things tales . . , place bucklanders breed , . 
wrong[2] - or side 
anything[8] - was that new that . , actually that 
need[10] - ; to to it a a a be , could 
useful[4] - at , . and 
beautiful[3] - , and , 
thought[23] - the would . that the you it the it of . there . of bilbo to they this strange it , came of 
look[8] - after the at of after it at at 
promised[3] - to : to 
even[40] - though in in in the ninety if the if while though the a pretending those more after bilbo though when ore to for bilbo adventurous the the the the round rivers when in the in gathered aware than when in 
danger[1] - , 
be[69] - a sure seen a visiting away able very a careful kept wanted useful cleared useful all too off safe safest starting a bothered a my free a happy comfortable right guessed served seen allowed obtained fireworks presents invited mountains hoped dead that true thirty eleventy paid celebrating found a found said seen very , more found true our quoted discovered mentioned impossible seen stoors found noted discovered fat found 
would[36] - be certainly possess utterly never not have give have have be only take quite be be trust have come spoil seem turn allude never have shortly not not lead do kill have scarcely not find be 
passed[14] - on . swiftly . like and . him since to to from once over 
certainly[5] - never come it never claim 
'he[6] - would told is is has would 
sure[7] - , , . about . they at 
am[25] - sure a going not going being as always sorry not not it quite . leaving beginning old . glad leaving going immensely . eleventy very 
than[48] - he i i it gardening a you all that just enough usual half before a half usual you i when a looks half old once by a thorin of policemen an generally a in that built their in the the their genealogical dwarves elves beautiful dwarves a they 
more[70] - than life potent powerful dangerous lined careworn on . : one that truth terrible . often sober often . likely than than to . . likely wine to than food correctly or promising carts carts . difficult , queerness than of about than than than attentive years than important is widespread need years he by than concerned than important important than luxurious out adventurous skill friendly complicated numerous important about 
knew[15] - no more , how in that in him nothing of nothing took much , very 
'bilbo[1] - knew 
'and[18] - how then i've i i so after that my now i what would you heard it no then 
length[2] - . they 
garden[8] - . , , . looks . while at 
lawn[1] - came 
cutting[1] - the 
gamgee[6] - cutting was got stopped . , 
sam[16] - gamgee was had sat thoughtfully , waved , , , . gamgee was says will gamgee 
sound[1] - of 
silence[6] - . . , , . , 
another[6] - long . word , many astonishing 
![68] - ' ' ' but ' lookout take i ' i ' what ' ' i come ' half ' why ' ' ' now ' ' ' i i you ' ' what ' ' ' ' ' do ' and ' here ' ' i vulgar jolly frodo first ' many hurray ' ' they hear flear ' ' ' ' and ' ' now we baggins 
terrifying[1] - ! 
devour[1] - him 
will[34] - devour last leave say cause use carefully . be be and be be and catch . look see be be be two read . laugh turn get come know come have be , also 
later[16] - the , later frodo in . a omitted adventures history master into dates undertook estrangement involved 
sooner[3] - or or , 
purpose[2] - will . 
good[26] - purpose look deal health preservation' many - - while - many advice . - - - - sackville . saying fortune thing hobbit things - tilled 
nor[7] - good any any mention an any back 
strength[2] - nor in 
neither[5] - strength he age they go 
meaning[2] - to no 
-[165] - meaning smiths grown rings remembered ships men tales home at witted earth trodden weight twelfth and sense sense bye bye bye trap door gotten prices bagginses bagginses bagginses presents presents holes baggins bottle nine paper fed day barrows bye bye bye bye door bye preserved nine box balls leather paper bagginses law in four bye one one bagginses four bagginses one ring tune bagginses dinner four bagginses going party like size fountains candles thirty make children house air families office office flowers dragons children folk rune children looking looking bagginses bagginses law in land door spoken three one parties three parties bagginses nine bagginses nine expected earth elven folk words' grandson eleventh and second house guards game mines hoards reckoning services holidays arms in muster moot eminent meeting weed hobbits grown reckoning weed weed weed hobbits architecture towers earth away boots legged lying do to eyed fed house earth ordered ordered lord reckoning west earth cheeked eyed natured making eyed loom mill farmed ordered lore 
strong[5] - or red - characters fallohidish 
yes[6] - , , , and , and 
rules[3] - the of as 
eye[4] - of on looking on 
under[10] - the the the frodo's the , the the cover the 
twilight[3] - under was . 
walks[1] - in 
permanently[1] - , 
invisible[3] - permanently , . 
end[44] - invisible it without garden at was . . and , frodo now , , of . . . , : for , of . . . . helping now , . for ; ; was announced of of of on the , bilbo of 
becomes[2] - in history 
:[80] - he some many's neither there the as maps fifty 'not 'perhaps outwardly 'where so keep on how 'you'll not a for for 'mr the to give and like i it it his he 'there's thank one our a short i rich they fire their they lunch writing no snap there dwarves dwarves there mr for the mainly findegil quite a thief he what he a he none the such the hobbits they they the harfoots the far less a an 
fades[1] - : 
uses[2] - the that 
weariness[1] - . 
minute[2] - is ! 
every[14] - minute one one item word baggins full guest hobbit day inn kind seven generation 
until[16] - at daylight his frodo they this our it suddenly six some mr he they the to 
continues[1] - , 
merely[3] - continues begun lots 
obtain[1] - more 
grow[4] - or some tall up 
does[4] - not not not not 
die[3] - , down , 
keeps[1] - one 
who[23] - keeps possessed invented seldom had had used had were had had still went had did reached lived were was is did had studied 
mortal[2] - , race 
'a[1] - mortal 
perilous[2] - . crossing 
they[216] - were were were stayed were looked were are are do do had were wanted were were began said asked got said say use are bring went said began were had would rolled answered had went stood are may were were were had opened were all had contained were all liked hammered shouted could shouted were were called had rather had disliked lived all touched were were had almost never turned watched began now nor knew shouted rightly do lived say were were thought went say were had fool live say lived said began deserve were seem came asked met went were were had possessed said were kept attributed had called were refer claim called imbibed already liked were drew were did turned spoke shone dwelt still afterwards were wore had multiplied called had still believed were shot were could were were called had had had were had forgot came heeded plied entered prospered were chose maintained sent were were remained should took passed crossed kept had forgot were were soon crossed preferred were moved came were were moved were were preferred preferred were later dwelt still suddenly spoke gave were could did had seldom dressed were were say hive seldom are are have do possessed are are are avoid call were were do love are told 
mortals[1] - . 
dangerous[4] - for than , , 
trifles[1] - yet 
smiths[2] - they , 
elven[4] - - - - folk 
grown[3] - , still milder 
full[9] - - but . stop of of of tale of 
craft[4] - before of of little 
essays[1] - in 
lesser[1] - rings 
less[10] - . than came interest with and the and shy tout 
some[47] - less more , laughing of spoke years folk people hobbit people time people joke point of larger already old time poetry loud perfunctory scattered of of of obviously private grumbling dwarves not mighty authority of that of of time centuries of sweeter fouler store bowmen forty may 
potent[1] - and 
kinds[2] - : that 
various[8] - kinds other valuable parting chubbs grubbs other herbs 
course[22] - , , , , , , of , , , , , , , ; , , , , of , of 
them[58] - , , doing sail knew ? now when than . to ; bag . a , . . . took drink were ; bore had a had . going he remained off was here a as his . raw he : , from exceedingly , ; , could were well , was , long , . they was 
call[9] - them them to to him the it it us 
magic[5] - rings rings ring ring of 
made[18] - , in it up up all an by up off out of at , gollum its on possible 
many[53] - elven ways friends other birthday of unlabelled paths years of young happy years tooks bagginses young fell of people devoted manuscripts works corrections copies loose historical of of times more times copies riddles deeds reports other journeys tunnelled generations other of other peculiar grew houses of farms thousands of other long other , 
ago[8] - many , , , on , . , 
eregion[1] - long 
'in[3] - eregion many an 
possess[3] - him apparently the 
possessed[4] - it a . from 
race[1] - who 
anyone[4] - of today should , 
overcome[2] - anyone sancho 
utterly[1] - overcome 
powerful[2] - that than 
think[16] - at you that about that it bilbo of , really you , i the , that 
dared[1] - to 
ever[18] - dared , , see on been saw after been since ! since returned seen been been known after 
far[28] - more more into it east and countries from as ahead too as too more away trouble off from off off downs downs and the as from back nearer 
wizard[15] - . was would did will looked . . stooped . , , seemed , that 
answered[7] - the the letters gandalf . . the 
ways[2] - , , 
now[48] - ? in clearing , . . frodo be ! quite being spread i . . far as i , , . it ? . come . imminent repeat got in ! belonged too , that it become it , rather , known many only long lost reach they 
finish[2] - now my 
don't[19] - you know see understand let belong you care seem know you really like you look mean expect feel doubt 
daylight[2] - . . 
best[6] - left - . , , home 
matters[3] - were to they 
because[4] - you it they they 
stopped[3] - , even long 
things[29] - about that ; you . happening . may were seven specially . . were in . ? that proper feared being such that that , not moved as . 
tell[13] - me that you of you him you you you , of . of 
began[34] - to to at to to to to to by by . to to to a again bilbo to . to pouring to to to to to to the to to the to to only 
night[8] - you . . . slowly like , , 
'last[1] - night 
broke[2] - the out 
brought[11] - . by at the up him back to it back over 
tidings[1] - that 
felt[8] - the was it it so deeply it most 
morning[6] - he after went . the of 
light[7] - of in , of in : , 
deep[9] - in in in breath eyes breaths hoods under misgivings 
sitting[10] - still with in down at in down up down at 
smoking[2] - now the 
delight[2] - . . 
vigour[2] - and to 
smoke[5] - rings went : is of 
blew[2] - smoke three 
smoked[2] - and various 
bright[6] - as fire your and - colours 
eyes[12] - were . remained flashed showed . . , bilbo glared was and 
wisdom[1] - ; 
care[6] - and of . ! of . 
lined[1] - with 
face[8] - more that looked shapely again remained grew ; 
eyebrows[2] - were that 
beard[3] - and and . 
whiter[1] - than 
hair[4] - was , of , 
handkerchief[1] - . 
bag[31] - end end end end end end end end and that end end end end end end end end end's end end end end end end end end end end end end 
run[2] - out off 
years[27] - before since after such , he . good to , . is is and ago , passed , 1 m , had at , they . before 
eighty[1] - years 
nearly[7] - eighty tried curdled full filled a all 
spring[4] - , was of unfolding 
thinking[2] - of out 
fingers[4] - . under , and 
trees'[1] - fingers 
tips[1] - of 
fields[3] - and and and 
shimmering[1] - in 
green[9] - of , dragon . and trees flame mound ; 
new[9] - green , milk spade presents , white land name 
fresh[1] - , 
looked[12] - fresh older hard at unusually as indisposed up again curiously no further 
everything[8] - looked else left will ready to has before 
south[8] - . there of , have slopes - . 
wind[2] - was in 
warm[2] - , sheltered 
sun[5] - was was rose got - 
hearth[1] - , 
fire[3] - was , came 
study[5] - . window to . , 
window[5] - of . . of or 
open[5] - window it it - window 
breakfast[1] - , 
late[4] - breakfast , afternoon . 
next[6] - morning year year meeting day - 
into[34] - the night the his mourning a the the the the the his the the the his his his the the eagles the one the hobbiton a four pipes the the waste three eriador the 
up[59] - far all fairly the and in to away the . , : with in , , his . my , ! . my . as and and who the their an the young late . all , . presents the the my the the in in the at there anyhow . their to the and the the their from 
stayed[2] - up him 
talk[10] - , i . did or about at and that at 
world[10] - , outside , ; outside they outside , being at 
wide[4] - world , steps into 
news[6] - of about from of from he 
pressed[2] - him him 
careworn[1] - . 
older[5] - and , folk villages families 
secretly[1] - he 
replied[4] - ; : that the 
'you[16] - look can't do mean are are have have make will are mean will shouldn't see had 
eh[1] - ? 
ah[1] - well 
hard[7] - at , . at world and to 
surprise[3] - and of , 
friend[3] - with merry , 
old[72] - friend bilbo mr tales tradition towers strongholds paths took wizard odo winyards rory gaffer hole mathoms enough home grey , busybody cloths cloak untidy hobbit fool rory odo frodo gaffer shire man man man man man took wandering days holman master noakes gorbadoc master took's forest forest noakes and holman ham took folk elements words cloak hobbit all even all leading inn toby toby that . custom they times world they ; 
welcomed[3] - his all and 
tap[1] - on 
familiar[1] - tap 
fading[2] - , into 
home[15] - and under . , began walking and . of at he and - ; the 
walking[6] - home , seven walking and in 
evening[7] - , was in , was that and 
hobbits[86] - . knew listening still . only asked mostly say ; two , , rose . sat . , present took were were one leaped exceedingly , give mind woke stared peered . have called of in , gave were still first claim first preferred of delighted would it were were used regarded had of may of had , that had had of named had took fell turned . first learned began found were had had in then had are lies are of have are in , 
interest[4] - in to in in 
given[10] - up away away where new the very are to on 
return[7] - and . for . . to : 
begun[5] - to to an by among 
seen[20] - or an them queer one things up passing walking came far by . in before one in in or on 
since[14] - frodo last he the his meriadoc they he he . he been their they 
nine[8] - years days or , more days , they 
over[26] - nine the there the the the a the again his you his too bywater the . the the the his gollum them sea the the eriador 
ceased[3] - . to to 
visits[1] - had 
doings[1] - . 
health[4] - and ! of ? 
frodo's[4] - health cracking fiftieth nose 
small[16] - news but selection articles item sword , room hobbit wonder inn boat , trades book boats 
interested[3] - in in and 
chiefly[4] - interested by remembered for 
seemed[14] - chiefly to that too unwanted to to to unfair to to than then of 
journeys[2] - , south 
business[12] - and took there was is were . was of from of ; 
own[31] - business master , . . things master . , glass advice birthdays . history lasting affairs day many invention fashion chiefs , chieftains names , accounts records books , history fashion 
discuss[1] - his 
sunrise[1] - . 
going[16] - off into to off on to any . with up to to to to to to 
dusk[1] - , 
unexpectedly[1] - after 
coming[6] - unexpectedly to at event of of 
fairly[1] - often 
turned[9] - up back away away a into up their the 
two[12] - he of boffins sacks old eyes of , later . famous and 
during[3] - the s the 
went[33] - off out out on on tramping on to round on back round out into in on and up out out off on out the to to along to on towards further often on 
taking[1] - a 
visit[2] - , him 
brief[1] - visit 
paid[2] - frodo for 
away[39] - . over beyond beyond far , for , . on ; the , from the at lots and , to , . presents now ; that from up there down from , north from , to ; , freely 
party[19] - he year in business . clothes . . . , . business business would . , of when was 
three[18] - years young companions dwarves purposes loud times official hobbit , . volumes large guesses in elf somewhat feet 
absence[1] - . 
reappeared[1] - after 
time[44] - that appeared to went . ago to to that has . he he he to , to of comes when frodo wore kept after still bilbo gollum when . had of beyond which at they that had of legend ; the when preserved , 
thoughtfully[3] - . . . 
softly[4] - and and in to 
whistling[1] - softly 
hill[11] - , , , , . to with is itself at . 
hobbiton[14] - and , again before and post or occasionally and one miller should . or 
through[9] - hobbiton the the the hobbiton bywater that pipes all 
stars[2] - through . 
early[6] - stars april years days days , 
walked[4] - home in off briskly 
quietly[6] - fading . in , on in 
pale[2] - evening luminous 
cool[1] - pale 
down[25] - , , and in . your , by the from in he and ; again upon and . in the bilbo's to that by the 
rain[2] - . ; 
heavy[3] - rain bag - 
clearing[1] - after 
sky[2] - was was 
april[2] - and , 
sighed[2] - , . 
while[17] - he ; in and he staring facing he they , the strained in the there the some 
gardening[1] - . 
fast[2] - . and 
grass[4] - was . . or 
cleared[3] - . a up 
weather[4] - cleared clouded . in 
tomorrow[1] - , 
day[18] - tomorrow . . , , , in more of drew or older ; when to . he when 
busy[4] - day before . : 
lot[4] - to of of of 
deal[3] - to . of 
silent[3] - and for beside 
sat[5] - silent down silent back up 
noisily[1] - . 
mug[1] - and 
drained[2] - his his 
your[23] - good news hal's help hole door pocket long fault ring plan relations joke sudden guests own numbers whole plan plan garden betters hill 
i'm[3] - off off not 
friends[10] - , watched were , for , such , ; and 
moonshine[1] - . 
want[11] - for to to to my me to to to to to 
you'll[4] - never find keep land 
get[12] - your news bilbo hold cluttered angry it angry plenty bag quickly them 
that's[6] - where green that what being a 
cracking[1] - . 
cracked[3] - , , , 
'leastways[1] - old 
ted[7] - . laughed had . , , sandyman 
both[11] - cracked curiosity were father living of the numerous ancient men important 
they're[3] - both a queer 
'oh[3] - , , , 
lad[6] - . sam . back , picked 
many's[1] - the 
mr[28] - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
elves[17] - . as are , at . or , of , . . . than , still , 
bit[3] - about more of 
knows[2] - a , 
sailing[5] - and over , , ships 
baggins[24] - now of , was you , , in has , is , called ; . of became . was . of began ! were 
'there's[3] - mr something a 
folk[24] - and crossing have he . that knew , are that . suddenly might . , and , in of . hobbits became . whom 
fair[4] - folk chance on and 
parts[9] - , if of had of . , of of 
these[25] - parts giants tree days , ; years were parts , were three four collections were names again tales were large were early legends little tales 
are[42] - some going sailing going moving turned more actually you very not doing the old rare well always you an all queerer better quite so often a now not concerned now relatives concerned not a nonetheless inclined quick becoming today an here here 
'there[3] - are on isn't 
deeply[2] - . troubled 
most[29] - deeply hobbits stay likely of of of of popular of of of of stores people important important numerous of part hobbits part primitive at of inclined numerous normal ancient 
moved[6] - him to , north westward westward 
stories[4] - about anyway at of 
remembered[4] - stories frodo much for 
half[12] - - chanting of unknown a a as of as of the a 
tales[11] - and . and ; . be and tell of seem are 
fragments[1] - of 
legends[8] - that of relating . of and , hardly 
hoped[3] - to until not 
woods[5] - , in under and . 
elf[5] - in - - - alas 
believed[5] - he that , . , 
'well[12] - i , , , , , , , yes , , , 
shire[69] - . . crossing rumours to , . showed with , . openly , something . were ; - was for . for were - , and , he , several in records until knew - only - - who at - - . at in was the , than - smoked may - , lengthened . . up , in , , . , , - . , , 
any[30] - one of : message rate way further one's rate easier more more further hobbit more more but baggins weapon living notion kind 'government' rate case trace hobbit kind records kind 
haven't[2] - seen changed 
warrant[1] - you 
sail[2] - ! , 
let[7] - them it me it alone them off 
isn't[4] - anything it no natural 
laughed[4] - . at . bilbo 
solemnly[1] - . 
sadly[1] - and 
head[5] - sadly appeared of . of 
shaking[2] - his his 
words[7] - , . and , not of and 
chanting[1] - the 
us[7] - , , . this than with , 
leaving[4] - us middle everything now 
west[11] - and . . road on marches ; . , after of 
sea[9] - , , by became , from from out . 
'they[1] - are 
ships[2] - set , 
times[13] - elven , , good over there all on . of , and , 
which[35] - at the it he demand the did they bilbo they he he , lie he for had his talk bilbo bilbo served occurred no still they these they bandobras they hobbits men they was later 
havens[4] - , , , away 
grey[8] - havens havens man uncloaked cloak havens , havens 
stood[8] - the up for for up for on proudly 
tradition[2] - that concerning 
borders[8] - of . saw . . , of of 
western[3] - borders marches hobbits 
towers[4] - beyond . . of 
past[9] - the , the and . and . moved , 
vaguely[1] - : 
arm[1] - vaguely 
waved[1] - his 
harbours[1] - , 
moving[1] - west 
i've[4] - heard made heard always 
bounders[2] - have , 
crossing[5] - it the of of of 
halfast[1] - have 
our[11] - halfast next birthday sam mr birthday own parts own relationship measure 
besides[2] - our , 
others[7] - besides tried . , of were ; 
deny[1] - that 
can't[3] - deny have be 
'all[6] - the right right your the the 
point[8] - . of , at i . this for 
scored[1] - a 
audience[3] - seemed . than 
clapping[3] - : by , 
laughing[2] - and with 
hal[2] - can't for 
'then[5] - hal i i trust you've 
moors[3] - . not to 
north[13] - moors moors corner of , , in kingdom kingdom kingdom of again - 
tree[9] - on , , was - . . that that 
elm[3] - tree tree tree 
ain't[2] - no there 
inch[2] - . . 
wasn't[2] - an enough 
bet[1] - it 
stride[1] - , 
yards[1] - to 
seven[3] - yards signatures years 
big[6] - as that for bags river folk' 
sees[1] - things 
maybe[2] - he he 
he's[3] - seen in more 
saying[5] - he's a any is that 
hal's[1] - always 
'says[1] - he 
hunting[3] - . or to 
northfarthing[1] - for 
goes[4] - up ever to on 
overhill[1] - and 
boffin[3] - at and , 
works[2] - for dealing 
cousin[6] - hal , but , . on 
'my[2] - cousin dear 
theyt[1] - 'my 
'who's[1] - theyt 
bigger[2] - than and 
giants[1] - , 
men[16] - , of of , in record and that and . in . appear did , it 
rest[4] - . . without . 
laugh[4] - . . , they 
general[3] - laugh opinion among 
water[9] - , with after . ; ; . lived - 
dragon[6] - in at passed not hoard that 
there's[4] - only no more some 
youngster[2] - , near 
won't[5] - . give get need you 
'ee[1] - , 
thank[3] - 'ee you you 
'no[6] - thank doubt , , , , 
dragons[2] - now and 
invented[1] - the 
reckon[2] - . it 
daresay[1] - there's 
retorted[2] - sam the 
can[15] - , hear . wait , go spare finish rest say say speak celebrate certainly no 
children's[1] - stories 
fireside[2] - - story 
hear[8] - fireside these queer that ! tell , it 
listen[3] - . to to 
'ah[2] - , , 
days[26] - , . . , on passed he in , of of of it they of of , also , . , of that of they they 
their[90] - talk memories mines way edges tempers parting original eyes ears hands own fears favourite favourite host cousin children feet faces upturned shining leaves own elders reminiscences heads connexions great members traditions own friendship caps police relations friends essential time own proper claim relationships friendship houses own faces youth chins blood well bellies dwellings well thain own own own new own own turn letters earlier north ancestral feet hands own earliest peculiar wandering most own own original own own traditions own faces heads feet peace height elusiveness movements favourite history character 
listening[3] - to with ; 
rustic[1] - hobbits 
other[36] - rustic friends half things powers things guests people documents documents things parts musical was times people parts odd darker matter , matters families things folk ways places crafts forms bridges kinds hobbits folk than folk useful 
son[5] - ; were , . of 
miller's[1] - son 
sandyman[3] - , , , 
opposite[1] - him 
near[6] - the : . by was one 
corner[3] - near some of 
rumours[4] - had of of before 
comfortable[3] - heart here . 
showed[4] - that mostly signs that 
fiftieth[2] - year birthday 
bywater[8] - , with with every post or from road 
conversation[2] - in ; 
whose[2] - business fame 
those[21] - whose of that that invited times parts who who sackville queer that of parts who that who that days in days 
stay[2] - - there 
deafest[1] - and 
ordinary[1] - hobbits 
ears[2] - of . 
reached[3] - the 130 a 
name[10] - . the was , , that , his became was 
terrible[1] - than 
creatures[3] - more prowling beyond 
hints[1] - of 
murmured[1] - hints 
weapons[2] - . in 
dreadful[1] - weapons 
armed[1] - with 
cunning[1] - and 
witted[1] - , 
dull[2] - - . 
abroad[1] - , 
trolls[2] - were that 
mountains[18] - . . that ; , again of . , , as of and north . the into . 
multiplying[2] - again of 
ores[5] - were and of in . 
fear[3] - . any among 
wars[2] - and , 
east[9] - and west . and , of of of and 
spreading[1] - far 
rebuilt[1] - , 
tower[3] - had ; hills 
mordor[2] - . . 
strongholds[1] - of 
reappear[2] - in with 
driven[2] - out by 
evil[1] - power 
disquieting[1] - . 
ominous[2] - and it 
memories[1] - ; 
background[1] - of 
land[9] - of in live it was for , beyond , 
enemy[1] - and 
whispers[1] - of 
spoke[9] - in quite sternly this with of less ever the 
troubled[6] - , . . : by the 
refuge[1] - in 
seeking[1] - refuge 
countries[1] - , 
dwarves[19] - of said had on and this came and , with coming from with and , in , . : 
met[3] - strange the ; 
rule[7] - dwarves , , , in good , 
wanted[4] - any and the to 
distant[3] - parts past lands 
source[2] - of for 
chief[8] - source treasures table topic importance took remaining township 
hobbits'[1] - chief 
blue[3] - mountains . hat 
mines[4] - in , . deep 
used[13] - it to to it to . to by all the it mostly before 
ran[3] - through after he 
road[9] - ran in to has goes with , ; - 
ancient[12] - east history histories and tradition road history times legends days days people 
numbers[2] - . were 
unusual[1] - numbers 
however[10] - , , it , , , , , , , 
troubles[1] - . 
concerned[8] - with with with later with almost , with 
earth[8] - and . , and , for , : 
middle[8] - - of of - - - earth - 
returning[2] - ; them 
passing[4] - and westward into of 
westward[3] - through early . 
seldom[7] - walked remembered , allowed and wore now 
gathered[3] - all into reports 
several[9] - years meals small had labels deep voices libraries of 
message[1] - for 
sent[3] - any a some 
appeared[5] - or at on in in 
outside[6] - ; the the the where . 
happening[1] - in 
appear[3] - in in seldom 
wayfarers[1] - that 
talking[4] - with and of to 
anxiously[1] - . 
watched[2] - him eagerly 
merry[11] - and and brandybuck , brandybuck ? left bowed brandybuck dance folk 
afield[1] - and 
further[10] - afield . ? for . off from than back information 
wandering[4] - further again conjuror days 
spaces[1] - beyond 
mostly[5] - white descendants laid full as 
maps[2] - made , 
edges[1] - : 
lay[5] - beyond , his a round 
trodden[1] - . 
paths[2] - seemed and 
feel[6] - restless all it i too that 
befallen[1] - bilbo 
adventure[3] - had is which 
age[16] - that of nor and . for at , is there the , were that of that 
rate[3] - at ; , 
significant[1] - or 
somehow[4] - significant , fallen make 
number[9] - that of , also 3 : and : of 
fifty[6] - was that - . - from 
drawing[1] - near 
running[2] - out out 
forties[1] - were 
'not[2] - yet that 
myself[2] - one on 
river[10] - myself and ; and , , and baranduin hoarwell anduin 
cross[1] - the 
shall[11] - cross ever slip blow wait . keep return not certainly see 
'perhaps[1] - i 
dreams[1] - . 
visions[1] - of 
lands[6] - , of of and from has 
wild[4] - lands country folk , 
autumn[2] - , . 
especially[12] - in among at since those the when potatoes for of of the 
wondering[2] - at if 
steadily[1] - growing 
gone[12] - with quite too away at ? , . off : . . 
regret[3] - that it to 
unknown[2] - to only 
future[1] - . 
worry[4] - much . about ? 
happy[4] - and now , returns 
quite[17] - happy mad politely forgave mature well spoil made mistaken long startled tricky exceptional contrary as unknown possible 
pleasant[4] - . feast feast comer 
rather[22] - pleasant shocked cracked unpopular odd valuable offensive cluttered tired later ruefully too difficult vigorous dreaded curious larger haywards tolerated large crowded than 
master[10] - and of of now everard gorbadoc gorbadoc samwise of of 
being[20] - his given distributed cleared swept on queer my brought partial the planned almost in then quite somewhat after fond notably 
shock[3] - , and for 
sober[1] - age 
usually[5] - more called given they long 
approached[1] - the 
luck[4] - , . as . 
tweens[2] - . , 
hobbit[33] - just - - - . , ! in dearly from - in - - - was as the members had himself and held there - building had stooped , records - to . 
energetic[1] - hobbit 
robust[1] - and 
appearance[2] - of the 
retained[1] - the 
outwardly[1] - he 
preservation'[1] - : 
signs[1] - of 
also[23] - showed had took , i a , the my many called one a asked his wrote concerned gandalf thought in they of be 
notice[3] - that . appeared 
people[23] - began were ! are that tried who came came , and eating on from became were . of still seemed , , from 
done[4] - . ; , everything 
visited[2] - the more 
suspected[1] - that 
pippin[2] - suspected and 
starlight[1] - . 
hills[3] - and in beyond 
sometimes[4] - seen i , , 
sensible[2] - folk folk 
amazement[1] - of 
wandered[1] - by 
tramping[2] - all in 
meriadoc[6] - , obtained . himself and brandybuck 
brandybuck[11] - his , ! to , was , got . , later 
called[20] - pippin hundred you that loudly you filling poetry by it for the because , it pipe them a ; by 
peregrin[5] - took , became when , 
closest[1] - friends 
bolger[3] - were who , 
fredegar[1] - bolger 
folco[1] - boffin 
fond[6] - of of indeed of of of 
children[6] - been in were . ran of 
descendants[2] - of of 
younger[3] - hobbits generation cousins 
among[17] - the other you such decent those the them dwarves them the themselves the the clans them them 
alone[8] - , , , the . contains in upon 
lived[17] - alone on or happily in in on in gollum further in in in , in were quietly 
shoulders[2] - . , 
shrugged[2] - his his 
'where[2] - is is 
dead[3] - . silence . 
giving[2] - bilbo's so 
custom[5] - of of endured , . 
shocked[1] - ; 
drink[5] - , were his . , 
rained[1] - drink 
food[6] - and a and for and and 
snowed[2] - food under 
meals[3] - at : a 
invited[5] - and to to . to 
guests[14] - were that . something went . of all , were expected were were and 
twenty[1] - guests 
mark[7] - , dale , you you . . 
short[6] - of sword a a and treatise 
feast[4] - . more , ; 
hundred[11] - - - and and and and hot relations - as and 
twelfth[1] - birthday 
honour[2] - of of 
gave[9] - a a way orders away a to to away 
mourning[1] - ; 
go[19] - into off any too and . away as yourself ! wandering up on getting talking looking on no in 
refused[1] - to 
oddity[1] - . 
reputation[2] - for . 
carry[1] - on 
indeed[21] - , all alarmed ! ! , , been of since , , , , , was , , the , that 
noticeable[1] - . 
sense[2] - was , 
growth[1] - of 
settle[4] - down down in in 
leave[4] - frodo young it it 
he'll[2] - settle be 
young[13] - frodo hobbits sancho hobbits fellow baggins tooks hobbits hobbits hobbits hobbits hobbit frodo 
dratted[1] - wizard 
'if[5] - only you you i they 
laid[2] - on down 
untimely[1] - , 
hardly[6] - an sat be ever any looked 
tragic[1] - , 
come[26] - to and back to in back inside back . over ! with . to all . . of prentice and ; of to from ravening blundering 
pool[1] - or 
fallen[2] - into inside 
undoubtedly[1] - fallen 
mad[4] - , baggins baggins . 
neighbourhood[3] - was . including 
opinion[2] - in . 
meantime[1] - , 
forgotten[8] - . uses bags . . : in . 
events[6] - were had in that in of 
true[12] - events story story . . tale account , that of . pipe 
legend[5] - and of of , among 
character[3] - of of and 
favourite[7] - character stick dainties drinks , 'nephew' haunt 
became[11] - a a enthusiastic once the as a year darkened , even 
gold[7] - , mysteriously excited pen , and that 
jewels[1] - and 
bags[3] - of and and 
flash[3] - and was of 
bang[1] - and 
vanish[2] - with when 
eventually[3] - mad they he 
discussed[2] - in the 
disappearance[3] - of was and 
second[9] - disappearance week cousin cousin age year , , , 
ninety[6] - nine - - - - he 
2[3] - the concerning at 
chapter[3] - 2 1 v 
vanished[5] - into . at , time 
quickly[4] - vanished in some under 
figure[1] - quickly 
cloaked[1] - figure 
closing[1] - in 
carrying[2] - a hundreds 
almost[7] - as silence to forgot entirely his entirely 
bent[3] - , and on 
unusually[2] - bent good 
pace[1] - ; 
surprising[2] - pace : 
hand[13] - , jerked over clutching strayed in in came an on were to - 
wave[1] - of 
final[3] - wave point words 
door[17] - . . right . , on where . . . opened , in was the neighbour the 
bye[9] - ! now for to , , ! , 7 
unlikely[1] - times 
lookout[1] - for 
yourself[4] - ! ! , , 
wonder[9] - many if about , why ? that they're of 
wish[10] - , to i 1 you to to of to to 
love[6] - the from with with of peace 
country[2] - with again 
give[10] - them the it away it my it your presents him 
abominable[1] - ! 
lobelia[5] - . . was sackville were 
otho[5] - and would , loudly and 
exclaimed[2] - frodo frodo 
'some[1] - people 
wealth[4] - . was . that 
hold[3] - of on the 
between[11] - you us friends childhood 1403 the the the tharbad the two 
plot[1] - between 
supposed[1] - to 
worse[2] - . than 
spiriting[1] - bilbo 
accusing[1] - me 
actually[6] - accusing in dawned written in much 
peace[8] - . and together had of and and and 
disturber[1] - of 
nuisance[2] - and . 
unpopular[1] - . 
become[7] - rather a rather accustomed important divided famous 
find[11] - that a his somewhere somewhere you the that his them . 
openly[1] - again 
visiting[2] - the terms 
shan't[1] - often 
expect[3] - me i you 
i'll[1] - come 
may[20] - be be have happen not , be say say , be use , be have have seem not wish discover 
change[3] - my came , 
help[5] - . you of of him 
forward[1] - to 
week[4] - . . orders in 
staying[3] - on near at 
'why[3] - , not , 
cried[8] - frodo frodo bilbo bilbo . . . out 
'at[1] - once 
able[3] - to to to 
certain[2] - , . 
afraid[2] - of of 
mysterious[2] - ! journey 
secret[7] - ! , all for from treasure the 
keep[11] - it it an it it it an you folks his the 
safe[5] - , ! enough , in 
suspicion[2] - . and 
rouse[1] - suspicion 
cause[2] - talk of 
use[10] - it it them , of the of of it for 
beg[1] - you 
advice[3] - you for . 
'neither[1] - do 
understand[3] - , what or 
making[5] - you his some . ; 
powers[1] - than 
careful[2] - with of 
treasures[2] - if , 
happen[1] - to 
unlike[1] - bilbo 
altering[1] - it 
couldn't[4] - see bear rest he 
likely[5] - , , . enough to 
inventing[1] - all 
interesting[1] - , 
'that's[1] - interesting 
mine[5] - anyway , isn't . , 
it's[4] - mine time not time 
secrets[1] - between 
till[3] - he frodo he 
pestered[1] - him 
here[10] - . ; it . , in . . collected related 
live[9] - here to among among in on here at in 
book[26] - , case , . and i . and was of was m has of . , i in of to . , . , of is 
'which[1] - story 
journey[7] - , . . . that , into 
'only[2] - what one 
already[11] - ? nearly , nearly departed to his referred knew become been 
'what[2] - do fun 
word[7] - . he you so was ; of 
partly[1] - about 
fact[13] - , he , that an that . , that , , , , 
'do[1] - be 
'don't[2] - do be 
disappear[2] - . , 
longed[1] - to 
tried[4] - on to to locking 
honestly[1] - , 
curdled[2] - me new 
'she[2] - had must 
milk[1] - . 
towards[3] - bywater the wilderland 
trap[1] - towards 
pony[3] - - and , 
driving[2] - a it 
her[10] - some . face umbrella of firmly still face in mother 
forgive[2] - you him 
'come[1] - in 
room[5] - to tingled . looking and 
dear[8] - gandalf bilbo hobbit ! tooks bagginses people old 
hole[6] - and , was , with on 
blow[1] - your 
wizard's[2] - head face 
louder[1] - , 
repeated[2] - , bilbo 
knock[2] - was at 
tea[4] - . . were , 
nasty[2] - , shock 
really[10] - nasty crushing he meant been must : see want a 
must[6] - have follow be know have be 
'lobelia[1] - again 
front[5] - - of - door door 
soft[1] - knock 
cup[1] - of 
belated[1] - cup 
revive[1] - himself 
ram[1] - . 
battering[1] - ram 
bring[1] - a 
today[5] - , . ! is ; 
t[5] - open give know never natural 
don[5] - t t t 't 't 
'lock[1] - the 
shop[1] - , 
close[3] - the friends friendship 
hall[9] - . , ; there . . there . , 
chair[4] - in , , under 
collapsed[1] - on 
pushed[2] - him him 
sancho[2] - and proudfoot 
interrupted[1] - . 
search[1] - is 
unless[2] - the i 
finding[2] - unless of 
one's[1] - for 
gotten[1] - is 
ill[1] - - 
positively[1] - ill 
obtained[4] - , in assistance permission 
mysteriously[1] - obtained 
legendary[2] - gold past 
hope[10] - ; he he you so it no lay came , 
curiosity[1] - and 
excited[2] - both that 
echo[1] - . 
pantry[1] - , 
larger[6] - pantry way history body than , 
excavation[1] - in 
grandson[3] - who of of 
proudfoot's[1] - grandson 
odo[2] - proudfoot's proudfoot 
proudfoot[4] - old began removed , 
tussle[1] - with 
cellars[2] - . and 
walls[5] - of and . somewhat , 
holes[7] - in to of to indeed in . 
knocking[1] - holes 
boffins[5] - and , , , . 
evicted[1] - three 
round[10] - the on convex into his again windows doors windows about 
compliment[2] - , . 
'it[8] - was may goes is has is isn't will 
shut[2] - the . 
insult[1] - , 
'did[1] - you 
you're[2] - a no 
belong[1] - here 
didn't[1] - you 
why[12] - didn't . . not do i shouldn't not worry couldn't any they 
fellow[2] - ! after 
'you'll[2] - live find 
step[3] - , , towards 
turning[1] - round 
she[10] - found was also took arrived had was was pushed was 
remark[1] - ; 
parting[5] - remark gift gifts with gift 
crushing[1] - parting 
throes[1] - of 
umbrella[2] - . . 
inside[10] - her in , the it . bag with of work 
articles[2] - that of 
valuable[2] - articles and 
relieved[1] - her 
premises[1] - , 
firmly[2] - off fixed 
escorted[1] - her 
floors[1] - . 
tapping[1] - the 
comers[1] - and 
nooks[1] - and 
investigating[1] - nooks 
place[12] - , was in . and . , . , names , , 
rid[1] - of 
easily[1] - got 
slumped[1] - off 
nose[1] - and 
snapped[1] - his 
fiddlesticks[1] - ! 
spoons[6] - ? . . , . and 
sixty[4] - years years years years 
waiting[2] - sixty on 
wife[4] - . lobelia were away 
'foiled[1] - again 
ink[3] - 'foiled - , 
red[19] - ink wine golden thunderstorm and g book book book book leather case book book book - book book book 
witnesses[1] - in 
signatures[1] - of 
demand[2] - among . 
customs[2] - of , 
legal[1] - customs 
according[4] - to to to to 
correct[1] - according 
unfortunately[1] - , 
snorted[2] - . . 
carefully[1] - and 
read[3] - the some the 
adoption[1] - of 
heir[5] - , and , , , 
seeing[2] - the him 
insist[1] - on 
exceedingly[4] - well , wealthy dull 
fishy[2] - . in 
affair[3] - was , . 
whole[7] - affair household shire affair spring plan of 
directed[1] - by 
specially[3] - directed large favoured 
unlabelled[2] - things ones 
prices[1] - as 
bargain[1] - - 
bad[6] - bargain taste cold system place found 
offering[1] - him 
offensive[1] - . 
bagginses[17] - were at arrived , had , scowled that and were and won . had were and or 
sackville[13] - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
politely[2] - . . 
pocket[12] - . , . . ! . : . . , ? . 
fidgeting[1] - with 
indisposed[2] - to , 
papers[2] - in made 
table[7] - with and and . had . and 
shown[2] - into by 
tempers[1] - . 
improve[1] - their 
gift[3] - of . of 
discover[3] - their the much 
we[10] - mean want have score could can / hates did can 
'anyway[1] - we 
fobelia[2] - . knew 
'hiding[1] - , 
resting[1] - . 
bowed[1] - politely 
demanded[3] - to three of 
loudly[3] - demanded to and 
retired[2] - for to 
arrived[3] - . later to 
commotion[1] - the 
handcarts[1] - . 
barrows[2] - and those 
blocked[2] - with , 
gate[7] - was , . in were at and 
unwatched[1] - . 
unwanted[1] - or 
addressed[2] - to it 
items[1] - not 
minor[1] - items 
deals[1] - in 
swaps[1] - and 
quarrels[1] - broke 
mixed[2] - , up 
torn[1] - off 
fabels[1] - got 
packed[3] - with and with 
wildfire[1] - ; 
spread[4] - like all about in 
free[6] - spread . meal with fair will 
distributed[1] - free 
household[1] - was 
rumour[3] - that probably of 
false[2] - rumour , 
afternoon[2] - . was 
bead[1] - was 
glass[3] - bead silently or 
piece[1] - or 
penny[1] - piece 
jewellery[1] - : 
money[4] - or , tucked , 
mention[1] - of 
possession[1] - . 
furniture[2] - , . 
enough[9] - furniture . , there . been to for for 
pictures[1] - , 
books[6] - , , were and filled , 
plenty[4] - of when were . 
bottle[3] - . of . 
capital[1] - fellow 
voted[1] - him 
forgave[1] - bilbo 
rory[3] - quite brandybuck brandybuck 
father[4] - . - was and 
mature[1] - , 
southfarthing[3] - , first play 
wine[3] - from to round 
winyards[1] - : 
bottles[2] - of and 
dozen[2] - bottles a 
hospitality[1] - , 
joints[2] - . , 
creaking[1] - joints 
ointment[1] - for 
waistcoat[3] - , , . 
woollen[1] - waistcoat 
spade[1] - , 
potatoes[3] - , are , 
sacks[1] - of 
gaffer[12] - gamgee gamgee , , did . , . . was declared . 
row[3] - , , just 
bagshot[3] - row row row 
poorer[1] - hobbits 
welcome[3] - . back demand 
joke[9] - . about , . , . , was . 
personally[1] - by 
written[10] - out reams in by by . by in down by 
labels[2] - , of 
gifts[1] - had 
received[2] - . much 
presents[13] - , were was . , were to to , for , that , 
district[4] - ; in , of 
around[4] - the , , , 
circulated[1] - all 
mathoms[2] - of , 
responsible[1] - . 
largely[2] - responsible concerned 
cluttered[2] - up up 
tendency[1] - of 
residence[1] - had 
assembled[1] - presents 
selection[4] - of of of from 
former[1] - journey 
acquired[1] - a 
silver[4] - spoons spears scarf , 
case[6] - of . , their , of 
usual[3] - at . . 
borrower[1] - of 
hugo[2] - was bracegirdle 
empty[2] - book chair 
contributor[1] - , 
bracegirdle[2] - , , 
collection[1] - of 
shapely[1] - . 
considered[2] - her proper 
obviously[2] - considered magical 
mirror[1] - . 
convex[1] - mirror 
uncle[2] - bilbo bilbo 
angelica's[1] - use 
letters[3] - . meaning and 
milo[2] - never burrows 
pen[1] - and 
b[3] - . . elf 
hoping[2] - it for 
burrows[3] - , , of 
century[3] - . , of 
reams[1] - of 
relative[1] - of 
female[1] - relative 
surviving[1] - female 
eldest[2] - surviving of 
sister[1] - and 
drogo's[2] - sister weight 
dora[2] - was baggins 
basket[1] - . 
paper[3] - basket , his 
waste[3] - - all . 
large[21] - waste assortment crowd bulky strong for , pavilion white field red volumes , flat families , part and and folk , 
correspondence[1] - , 
ones[2] - . , 
carried[3] - off on up 
adelard[2] - had took 
sort[4] - : of of ; 
tied[1] - . 
label[1] - tied 
item[3] - there then fie 
parcels[1] - and 
packages[2] - and rolled 
assortment[1] - of 
piled[1] - a 
'messages'[1] - for 
visitors[2] - he hanging 
has[23] - gone gone gone come been come got been gone read been now gone been likely learned all a not it been been already 
'mr[1] - . 
simply[1] - this 
inquiries[1] - was 
reply[1] - to 
callers[1] - , 
worried[1] - . 
tired[2] - and of 
smiling[1] - , 
unexpected[3] - . and return 
uninvited[1] - but 
crowd[2] - at . 
fed[2] - were faces 
mid[1] - - 
tooks[9] - , with pricked and and and still of and 
bolgers[3] - , , , 
orders[5] - bagginses to for began them 
uneaten[1] - food 
handkerchiefs[1] - , 
gloves[1] - and 
cracker[2] - paper was 
crumbs[1] - and 
boxes[1] - , 
shrubs[1] - in 
flowering[1] - shrubs 
lanterns[3] - , fell were 
plates[1] - , 
knives[1] - and 
chairs[1] - , 
tables[2] - and . 
pavilions[2] - and . 
rose[4] - rather . and to 
slowly[2] - passed his 
behind[3] - . . . 
remained[14] - behind for bent grave hidden at on , in of both , there still 
inadvertently[1] - remained 
wheel[1] - - 
removed[4] - in it his either 
arrangement[1] - , 
gardeners[1] - came 
unsatisfied[1] - hobbits 
filled[4] - with the its with 
rolled[4] - away into up into 
important[15] - folk . . number for copy source , . families members to still and points 
carriages[1] - came 
midnight[1] - carriages 
field[6] - , . . was , , 
duty[2] - to was 
painful[1] - duty 
bed[1] - . 
should[11] - not like . leave say like go possess escape be keep 
'has[2] - he he 
'the[3] - ring ring big 
golden[8] - ring ring ring buttons ink dragon : walls 
fancy[1] - , 
documents[2] - in too 
glanced[1] - at 
mantelpiece[4] - , . . , 
envelope[5] - from , , he . 
packet[2] - for fell 
slipping[1] - off 
preferred[5] - slipping to hunting flat highlands 
serious[1] - things 
meant[2] - to by 
1[5] - mean a was he it 
afterwards[2] - , occupied 
indoors[1] - . 
meeting[2] - ! . 
goodbye[1] - , 
darkness[2] - . : 
staring[1] - after 
rustle[1] - of 
meadows[1] - , 
bottom[2] - , of 
hedge[1] - at 
low[4] - place voice , - 
jumped[1] - over 
path[1] - . 
sloping[1] - path 
trotted[1] - down 
companions[4] - went . . in 
followed[4] - by him it the 
tents[3] - , began and 
voices[3] - in . . 
lights[3] - and went . 
moment[7] - . tense the listening most . , 
paused[2] - , for 
cannot[1] - say 
whither[2] - then it 
meet[3] - . . come 
errands[1] - meet 
joins[1] - some 
feet[11] - , at from were . , and were had ; of 
eager[1] - feet 
pursuing[1] - it 
follow[3] - , their me 
ahead[1] - the 
sang[1] - softly 
voice[2] - , . 
added[5] - , with to in to 
swept[1] - off 
'take[1] - care 
'good[2] - - - 
bowing[1] - to 
longing[1] - for 
fun[3] - to ! began 
air[5] - . of , with kitchen 
sniffing[1] - the 
dotted[1] - with 
black[4] - sky - , ore 
fine[4] - night chain as chain 
stepped[3] - out down down 
start[1] - then 
let's[1] - start 
'everything[3] - , packed ? 
labelled[2] - ? with 
ready[2] - ? to 
'is[2] - everything the 
rooms[1] - where 
different[3] - rooms history breeds 
whistled[1] - . 
stand[1] - ; 
stick[2] - from to 
chose[2] - his from 
'now[2] - i'm , 
relief[2] - and in 
hobbit's[1] - face 
swiftly[2] - over and 
anger[1] - passed 
spasm[1] - of 
seized[1] - it 
stooped[2] - and for 
pick[1] - it 
floor[2] - . of 
jerked[1] - back 
clock[1] - , 
comes[7] - . to of . up back from 
'put[1] - it 
safest[1] - . 
deliver[1] - it 
picked[3] - up up up 
bear[1] - to 
catch[3] - me you it 
somebody[2] - else s 
starting[1] - , 
breath[1] - . 
drew[4] - a his nearer long 
'indeed[1] - it 
spoil[2] - the my 
preparations[3] - . of for 
pity[2] - to stayed 
easier[2] - in to 
hasn't[2] - made taken 
lots[2] - of of 
'after[1] - all 
ruefully[1] - . 
smiled[2] - rather . 
effort[1] - . 
presently[1] - he 
undecided[1] - . 
tense[1] - and 
possessing[1] - it 
stop[3] - possessing talking . 
trust[2] - mine me 
locking[1] - it 
pulling[2] - it . 
wanting[1] - to 
lately[1] - . 
bothered[2] - with me 
sorry[1] - , 
man[7] - , , smiled was began was , 
dwindle[1] - again 
rob[1] - you 
either[2] - . way 
whatever[3] - he the languages 
thief[3] - , ! thief 
hadn't[1] - kept 
killed[1] - me 
tremble[1] - . 
relaxed[1] - , 
hands[4] - relaxed began were and 
s[16] - eyes eyes behaviour birthday arrival mark going copy book . . . . . . . 
tingled[1] - . 
facing[1] - one 
clutching[1] - at 
breathing[1] - hard 
wall[1] - , 
backed[1] - away 
menacing[1] - ; 
tall[2] - and pointed 
uncloaked[1] - . 
turn[4] - to up out long 
flashed[1] - . 
sword[5] - . in , . . 
hilt[1] - of 
strayed[1] - to 
precious[4] - away . . , 
owe[1] - me 
obstinately[1] - . 
please[1] - , 
choose[1] - and 
'i'll[1] - do 
clearer[1] - with 
fool[3] - if . about 
sternly[1] - . 
alarmed[2] - . or 
startled[4] - and me the hobbits 
flicker[1] - in 
attentive[2] - , audience 
grave[1] - and 
fault[1] - , 
yours[1] - , 
grew[5] - hard in the afraid on 
kindly[2] - face , 
flushed[1] - , 
mistaken[1] - . 
professionally[1] - interested 
curious[6] - . change number about fact matter 
rare[1] - and 
magical[3] - ; . . 
badger[1] - you 
badgering[1] - me 
annoyance[2] - . . 
sharp[2] - with - 
gleam[1] - in 
shouldn't[2] - it listen 
'yet[1] - after 
'isn't[1] - that 
hesitated[1] - . 
impatiently[1] - . 
stammered[1] - bilbo 
suppose[3] - so ? you 
er[1] - , 
remember[4] - . , who it 
agreed[3] - to that they 
gets[1] - used 
oddments[1] - . 
few[13] - oddments final exceptions special from were pennies of heeded hobbits words in notes 
except[6] - a those on , when in 
ought[1] - to 
rivers[2] - . and 
offered[1] - to 
spare[2] - them for 
ends[1] - . 
nobody[1] - will 
happily[1] - ever 
ending[1] - for 
nice[3] - ending a well 
somewhere[2] - where where 
bell[1] - . 
hanging[2] - on above 
confounded[1] - visitors 
string[1] - of 
prying[1] - around 
relatives[4] - prying except lived of 
quiet[2] - , and 
probably[9] - the a the started at at m at of 
plan[5] - is ? , your then 
closely[1] - at 
curiously[2] - and tough 
bread[1] - . 
scraped[1] - over 
butter[1] - that 
preserved[7] - indeed , , with at their no 
hearts[1] - . 
beginning[3] - to of of 
arrangements[1] - . 
holiday[4] - : , , . 
permanent[1] - holiday 
relations[4] - , of in who 
offended[1] - most 
busybody[1] - , 
interfering[1] - old 
vanishment[1] - . 
sudden[1] - vanishment 
explain[1] - your 
necessary[2] - to now 
wisely[1] - kept 
addition[2] - of of 
splendidly[2] - and . 
visible[1] - , 
glad[1] - to 
'hullo[1] - ! 
opened[3] - and their like 
stuck[2] - it out 
sealed[1] - it 
slipped[6] - his it out my quietly away 
standing[3] - there , alone 
top[2] - of of 
stuffed[2] - into with 
bundle[2] - he wrapped 
bulky[1] - envelope 
manuscript[1] - ; 
bound[3] - manuscript in by 
leather[4] - bound scabbard belt , 
cloths[1] - , 
wrapped[2] - in in 
box[1] - took 
guessed[4] - : . that the 
colour[1] - could 
original[4] - colour red red home 
weatherstained[1] - that 
patched[1] - and 
locked[2] - up drawer 
hood[2] - . that 
cloak[3] - and , and 
balls[1] - , 
moth[1] - - 
smelling[2] - of and 
drawer[2] - , at 
scabbard[1] - . 
battered[1] - black 
hung[3] - a on over 
belt[1] - . 
worn[2] - leather on 
waist[1] - a 
fastened[1] - round 
garments[1] - , 
untidy[1] - garments 
silk[2] - waistcoat waistcoat 
embroidered[2] - silk silk 
tissue[1] - - 
folded[1] - up 
clothes[1] - , 
merrymaking[1] - in 
sounds[1] - of 
pavilion[5] - and . . with , 
din[1] - in 
smile[1] - to 
briskly[1] - back 
fingering[1] - the 
speech[4] - , . of , 
silently[2] - to , 
served[2] - ; him 
wrath[1] - . 
departed[2] - in , 
oddities[2] - , and 
baggins'[2] - oddities grandmother 
discussing[1] - bilbo 
drinking[3] - and continuously . 
eating[8] - and and together . - them it and 
dearly[1] - . 
loved[2] - the , 
realized[1] - suddenly 
indignant[1] - surprise 
laughter[2] - at , 
keeping[2] - from a 
difficulty[1] - in 
enjoyed[1] - the 
questions[1] - . 
remarks[2] - and in 
ignored[2] - all what 
beside[2] - bilbo's , 
nothing[9] - . more throughout about about very about , that 
send[1] - the 
vittles[2] - with , 
taken[1] - the 
silly[1] - old 
esmeralda[1] - : 
law[2] - , , 
daughter[1] - - 
wits[2] - , ; 
clouded[2] - his over 
dinner[5] - had speech - or in 
enormous[2] - dinner open 
prank[1] - . 
ridiculous[2] - prank . 
granted[2] - that ; 
absurd[2] - . adventures 
behaviour[1] - was 
exceptions[1] - thought 
comment[1] - . 
popular[1] - comment 
'he's[2] - mad often 
cure[1] - the 
taste[1] - , 
generally[3] - agreed envied approved 
hornblower[2] - , of 
goodbody[1] - , 
brockhouse[1] - , 
chubb[1] - , 
grubb[1] - , 
breaths[1] - , 
stamped[1] - . 
speechless[1] - . 
flabbergasted[1] - hobbits 
four[7] - flabbergasted . guests volumes quarters foot feet 
forty[6] - - - - years leagues miles 
nowhere[1] - to 
blinked[1] - . 
blinding[1] - flash 
7[1] - he 
spend[1] - among 
eleventy[5] - - - one - first 
announce[1] - that 
everyone[3] - sat , ; 
fie[3] - spoke paused was 
announcement[1] - . 
finally[3] - , inside dashed 
thirdly[1] - and 
recite[1] - . 
sing[1] - or 
bored[1] - . 
imminent[1] - ; 
poetry[2] - was ; 
song[2] - or than 
obstinate[1] - silence 
correctly[1] - : 
repeat[1] - it 
buch'[1] - . 
'thagyou[1] - very 
cold[2] - at lake 
splendid[2] - , supper 
banquet[1] - was 
birthdays[2] - did . 
occasion[3] - . the ; 
lake[2] - ; far 
esgaroth[1] - on 
barrel[1] - at 
arrival[2] - by he 
anniversary[1] - of 
history[18] - , , and of . of . of ; begins , these that . of with , . 
refer[2] - to to 
allowed[2] - to inside 
expression[2] - . . 
vulgar[1] - expression 
gross[3] - , , , 
'one[1] - gross 
package[1] - . 
goods[1] - in 
required[2] - number , 
fill[2] - up tunnels 
feeling[2] - sure that 
insulted[1] - , 
cheers[4] - . again from . 
total[1] - : 
remarkable[3] - total disappearance people 
fit[1] - this 
chosen[1] - to 
score[1] - one 
together[9] - we for . . with , with by in 
inheritance'[1] - . 
'coming[2] - into of 
scowled[1] - , 
juniors[1] - . 
jolly[1] - old 
shouts[1] - of 
loud[2] - shouts hoots 
elders[2] - ; had 
perfunctory[1] - clapping 
inheritance[1] - today 
nephew[1] - , 
celebrate[2] - my our 
secondly[1] - , 
scattered[1] - clapping 
difficult[3] - . and to 
deserve[2] - . attention 
't[2] - know go 
approval[1] - . 
outburst[1] - of 
tremendous[1] - outburst 
admirable[1] - hobbits 
excellent[1] - and 
immensely[1] - fond 
purposes[1] - ! 
pricked[1] - up 
impression[1] - . 
assembly[1] - . 
subsided[1] - . 
noise[1] - subsided 
hoots[1] - . 
horn[1] - from 
seizing[1] - a 
finished[4] - . since unloading this 
vigorous[1] - . 
dance[3] - , the - 
pretty[1] - dance 
springle[1] - - 
bells[1] - in 
melilot[1] - brandybuck 
miss[2] - melilot primula 
everard[1] - took 
tune[1] - . 
orchestra[1] - , 
impromptu[1] - orchestra 
supposing[1] - uncle 
brandybucks[5] - , , ; of of 
tones[1] - . 
enchanting[1] - tones 
perfect[2] - make truth 
instruments[2] - , . 
contained[4] - instruments much much many 
crackers[3] - . had , 
marvellous[3] - crackers mail ring 
convey[1] - much 
dale[3] - on , , 
bore[2] - the the 
pulled[2] - . her 
musical[2] - crackers instruments 
hundreds[2] - of of 
flutes[1] - , 
pipes[3] - and . of 
horns[1] - , 
trumpets[1] - and 
noises[1] - of 
cries[2] - of of 
deafening[2] - cheers explosion 
yourselves[1] - as 
enjoying[1] - yourselves 
obvious[1] - . 
liked[3] - : to and 
stuff[1] - they 
joyously[1] - on 
hammered[1] - joyously 
shouted[4] - , an , , 
returns[1] - ! 
hurray[2] - ! ! 
eleventh[2] - birthday birthday 
proudfoots[3] - , . . 
furry[1] - , 
exceptionally[1] - furry 
merited[1] - ; 
elderly[1] - hobbit 
'proudfeet[1] - ! 
brockhouses[2] - and , 
goodbodies[2] - , , 
bracegirdles[2] - , , 
hornblowers[2] - , and 
burrowses[2] - , , 
chubbs[2] - , connexions 
grubbs[2] - , relations 
trouser[1] - pocket 
waving[1] - one 
shone[2] - on far 
buttons[1] - shone 
beaming[1] - face 
illuminated[1] - tree 
reluctant[1] - to 
seeming[1] - reluctant 
chorus[1] - , 
repeating[1] - it 
flear[2] - ! ! 
rising[1] - in 
cheer[1] - at 
prepared[1] - to 
fears[1] - were 
dainties[1] - , 
nibbling[1] - at 
drinks[1] - , 
sipping[1] - their 
corners[2] - they of 
filling[1] - up 
stage[2] - which , 
delightful[1] - stage 
mood[1] - , 
tolerant[1] - mood 
company[1] - were 
matter[8] - much of . of of concerning would is 
miles[3] - around around east 
warehouses[1] - for 
stores[1] - , 
stocks[1] - of 
depleted[1] - the 
catering[1] - had 
weeks[1] - ; 
ensuing[1] - weeks 
throughout[1] - the 
provisions[1] - fell 
purchase[1] - of 
prolonged[2] - . vigour 
varied[1] - , 
abundant[1] - , 
rich[4] - , and than and 
entertainment[1] - : 
engrossing[1] - entertainment 
disappointed[1] - : 
adventures[2] - of little 
allude[1] - to 
bits[1] - of 
drag[1] - in 
liable[2] - to to 
inevitable[1] - item 
host[1] - an 
dreaded[1] - the 
expected[2] - a party 
high[6] - reputation - pass king kindred king 
specializing[1] - in 
refuse[1] - . 
impossible[2] - to in 
card[1] - , 
invitation[1] - card 
magnificent[1] - was 
detested[1] - frodo 
disliked[2] - bilbo much 
remote[1] - corners 
distantly[1] - connected 
grandfather[1] - and 
connexions[2] - of with 
grandmother[1] - and 
provender[1] - . 
bringing[1] - up 
meal[1] - . 
chance[3] - of of of 
easy[1] - - 
permission[2] - ; from 
parental[1] - permission 
included[2] - , even 
unrelated[1] - friends 
special[7] - unrelated family effects entrance magnificence interest respect 
related[3] - , to . 
families[12] - to of . , were for , , at . , who 
selected[1] - from 
proper[4] - to at . folklands 
twelve[4] - dozen more companions of 
limited[1] - to 
invitations[4] - were , began . 
family[9] - dinner history as was had of histories tree trees 
supper[3] - for ! but 
leaped[3] - to over to 
prostrate[1] - hobbits 
alarm[1] - vanished 
pain[1] - and 
signal[1] - for 
explosion[1] - . 
burst[1] - over 
somersault[1] - , 
train[1] - , 
express[1] - train 
faces[5] - . . away . were 
flat[3] - on feet lands 
ducked[1] - , 
heads[4] - of and of , 
whizzed[1] - three 
roar[1] - , 
glared[1] - down 
jaws[1] - , 
terribly[1] - life 
flew[2] - a glittering 
flames[1] - . 
scarlet[1] - flames 
spouted[1] - green 
summit[1] - . 
glow[1] - at 
distance[1] - , 
mountain[3] - seen and , 
shaped[1] - itself 
intended[1] - . 
snakes[1] - . 
hot[1] - snakes 
hiss[1] - like 
army[1] - , 
embattled[1] - army 
yell[1] - like 
sprang[1] - suddenly 
spears[1] - that 
forest[4] - of ; . , 
yellow[2] - rain and 
shower[1] - of 
thunderstorm[1] - and 
swans[1] - ; 
flying[1] - swans 
phalanx[1] - of 
eagles[1] - , 
fires[2] - that , 
coloured[1] - fires 
pillars[1] - of 
trees[5] - ; with at with and 
glittering[1] - into 
butterflies[1] - that 
fountains[2] - of , 
upturned[1] - faces 
touched[1] - their 
scent[1] - just 
sweet[3] - scent voices galenas 
disappearing[2] - with swiftly 
astonished[2] - hobbits those 
upon[5] - the the the the a 
flowers[4] - down , glowed . 
glowing[1] - flowers 
dropped[1] - glowing 
branches[3] - dropped . . 
shining[1] - branches 
unfolding[1] - in 
leaves[3] - opened of of 
trunks[1] - of 
singing[2] - with strange 
birds[1] - singing 
scintillating[1] - birds 
flight[1] - of 
rockets[2] - like were 
improved[2] - with by 
art[6] - of long of that from of 
superb[1] - . 
claps[1] - . 
thunder[1] - claps 
barkers[1] - and 
goblin[1] - barkers 
candles[1] - , 
dwarf[4] - - - - - 
torches[1] - , 
sparklers[1] - , 
backarappers[1] - , 
squibs[1] - , 
distribution[1] - of 
generous[4] - distribution table with and 
flights[1] - of 
pieces[1] - , 
effects[1] - , 
designed[1] - and 
fireworks[6] - were started of , , fireworks 
started[2] - . by 
thirty[3] - , - - 
six[3] - - hundred meals 
elevenses[1] - until 
continuously[1] - from 
marked[1] - chiefly 
lunch[2] - and , 
official[2] - meals in 
games[1] - , 
music[1] - , 
dances[1] - , 
songs[2] - , : 
guest[1] - had 
ordered[5] - a business business communities and 
toys[1] - the 
forgot[3] - about or whatever 
system[1] - . 
lavishly[1] - as 
expensive[1] - ones 
latter[2] - were qualities 
sundry[1] - the 
ele[2] - gave put 
person[1] - . 
additions[1] - at 
accident[1] - , 
overlooked[1] - by 
living[10] - near , and memory and thing in memory , in 
everybody[1] - living 
practically[1] - everybody 
entertainments[1] - rolled 
variety[3] - of probably of 
unfurled[1] - and 
flags[1] - were 
clouds[1] - vanished 
dawned[1] - . 
nd[3] - , . in 
22[3] - nd nd nd 
september[4] - the a , 22 
thursday[2] - , , 
intense[1] - . 
anxiety[1] - was 
eve[1] - of 
wednesday[1] - the 
height[2] - . is 
excitement[3] - rose of in 
quartered[1] - at 
supplement[1] - the 
house[3] - for in it 
inn[3] - and on of 
cooks[1] - , 
draught[1] - of 
erected[1] - in 
kitchen[1] - was 
promising[1] - still 
proudly[1] - near 
pretending[1] - to 
envied[1] - . 
intensely[1] - interested 
adjoining[1] - the 
built[3] - there imitations in 
steps[1] - and 
leading[3] - to authority families 
bank[1] - leading 
cut[1] - into 
entrance[1] - was 
poles[1] - for 
ropes[1] - and 
covered[2] - with with 
woke[1] - to 
view[1] - . 
hidden[2] - from safe 
private[2] - preparations diary 
packing[1] - up 
answers[1] - , 
ticking[1] - off 
writing[2] - invitations . 
pretended[1] - to 
admittance[1] - except 
variations[1] - on 
polite[2] - variations to 
stream[1] - of 
constant[1] - stream 
postmen[1] - were 
assistant[1] - postmen 
voluntary[1] - assistant 
office[3] - was was of 
post[2] - - - 
pouring[1] - out 
postman[1] - , 
eagerly[2] - for accepted 
calendar[1] - ; 
tick[1] - off 
enthusiastic[1] - ; 
anywhere[1] - in 
luxury[1] - that 
commodity[1] - , 
provision[1] - , 
kind[6] - of , were , been , 
pour[1] - out 
locally'[1] - , 
'dealing[1] - locally' 
grumbling[1] - about 
carts[2] - . rolled 
'we[1] - shall 
enjoy[1] - myself 
changed[2] - it ; 
months[2] - ago and 
looks[2] - ! . 
windows[2] - . , 
peeping[1] - in 
turf[1] - walls 
trailing[1] - all 
nasturtiums[1] - trailing 
snap[1] - - 
glowed[1] - red 
peaceful[1] - . 
vain[2] - for in 
stared[1] - at 
disappeared[2] - inside and 
'run[1] - away 
onlookers[1] - . 
disappointment[1] - of 
forthcoming[1] - , 
squib[1] - or 
single[2] - squib red 
pennies[1] - away 
unloading[1] - . 
helped[2] - by old 
belonged[2] - to to 
displays[1] - they 
firework[1] - displays 
oldest[2] - of kind 
occasionally[1] - and 
sight[1] - , 
grand[1] - ! 
'g[1] - for 
hence[1] - the 
'attractions'[1] - at 
smokes[1] - , 
skill[4] - with and in that 
mainly[5] - to carried copies from oral 
due[2] - mainly solely 
fame[2] - in , 
rune[1] - , 
g[1] - and 
each[4] - labelled year farthing into 
shapes[1] - , 
sorts[1] - and 
bundles[1] - of 
unload[1] - : 
rightly[1] - guessed 
cargo[1] - of 
cart[2] - all came 
hat[2] - . , 
brim[1] - of 
bushy[1] - eyebrows 
scarf[1] - . 
pointed[1] - blue 
wore[4] - a on dwarf shoes 
broad[2] - daylight , 
bridge[4] - in , in of 
brandywine[6] - bridge river river . bridge as 
direction[1] - of 
hoods[1] - . 
beards[1] - and 
outlandish[2] - folk folk 
gape[1] - at 
doors[2] - to , 
lamplit[1] - doors 
peered[1] - out 
toiled[1] - up 
laden[1] - with 
waggon[1] - laden 
nearer[3] - . the to 
died[1] - . 
nigh[1] - on 
knowledgeable[1] - sam 
ask[2] - . , 
month[2] - was as 
everyone's[1] - going 
says[3] - that to , 
beer[1] - to 
pint[1] - of 
offer[1] - a 
wouldn't[1] - offer 
queerness[1] - in 
miller[5] - even , . . . 
disliking[1] - the 
boating[2] - , on 
queerer[1] - . 
end's[1] - a 
conjuror[1] - , 
common[2] - opinion speech 
voicing[1] - common 
argued[1] - the 
adding[2] - to to 
generation[2] - of strong 
minds[1] - of 
fixed[1] - in 
convince[1] - his 
stranger[2] - and , 
trouble[5] - too . came had will 
betters[1] - , 
'cabbages[1] - and 
isays[1] - to 
dragons'[1] - isays 
'elves[1] - and 
learned[7] - him the of from it the their 
listens[1] - to 
crazy[1] - about 
tunnels[6] - . packed stuffed . or and 
foreign[1] - parts 
treasure[5] - he . was that , 
chests[2] - . of 
couple[2] - of of 
mighty[2] - big generous 
sale[1] - was 
trapessing[1] - all 
trampling[1] - and 
folks[2] - from are 
helping[1] - him 
dad's[1] - cousin 
holman[2] - him in 
prentice[1] - to 
i'd[1] - not 
tunnel[3] - making lay . 
lack[1] - of 
seems[2] - no never 
jools[2] - . , 
speak[2] - to of 
you've[1] - heard 
westfarthing[2] - . said 
delving[5] - in mathom or on . 
michel[5] - delving delving delving delving delving 
visitor[1] - on 
tucked[1] - away 
tidy[1] - bit 
produces[1] - an 
bless[1] - him 
decent[2] - folk respectable 
deed[1] - than 
kinder[1] - deed 
fewer[2] - than still 
gorbadoc[3] - never keeping , 
accounts[3] - . agree speak 
warren[1] - , 
regular[1] - warren 
brandy[5] - hall flail hall hall hall 
anyhow[1] - in 
bucklanders[1] - , 
stranded[1] - , 
orphan[1] - and 
sit[1] - still 
tricky[1] - enough 
boats[3] - are on with 
pushing[1] - and 
sandy[1] - man 
boat[2] - . with 
sunk[1] - the 
noakes[2] - ; of 
moonlight[2] - , . 
'i've[1] - heard 
child[1] - and 
poor[3] - mr miss and 
drownded[2] - , . 
partial[1] - to 
marriage[1] - him 
flail[1] - with 
drogo[4] - was was , baggins 
daughters[1] - and 
took's[1] - daughters 
youngest[2] - of son 
mother[1] - being 
side[3] - her of of 
mother's[1] - side 
primula[1] - brandybuck 
married[1] - poor 
passion[1] - for 
darker[1] - rumours 
'drownded[1] - ? 
respectable[2] - hobbit age 
natural[2] - . , 
isn[1] - t 
seemingly[1] - . 
breed[1] - , 
buck[1] - - 
dad[1] - ! 
'you're[1] - right 
agin[1] - the 
neighbour[1] - 'if 
gaffer's[1] - next 
twofoot[1] - the 
daddy[1] - twofoot 
buckland[5] - , see and , . 
beats[1] - me 
'baggins[1] - is 
lives[1] - with 
including[1] - himself 
authority[4] - by , of of 
recognized[1] - as 
'roots'[1] - , 
vegetables[1] - in 
constantly[2] - upon to 
consulting[1] - him 
hamfast'[1] - , 
'master[1] - hamfast' 
calling[1] - him 
declared[1] - . 
gentlehobbit[1] - is 
spoken[1] - gentlehobbit 
below[1] - bag 
3[2] - bagshot of 
terms[2] - with with 
friendly[2] - terms with 
job[2] - was before 
stiff[1] - in 
tended[2] - the to 
bush[1] - a 
ivy[1] - bush 
forth[1] - at 
commonly[2] - known brown 
ham[1] - gamgee 
reminiscences[1] - in 
topic[1] - of 
travelled[1] - all 
event[1] - travelled 
flobbiton[1] - and 
wag[1] - in 
tongues[1] - began 
age'[1] - . 
date[2] - of was 
33[1] - an 
130[1] - and 
111[1] - a 
planned[1] - for 
exceptional[2] - was , 
understood[1] - that 
parties[3] - at comfortably , 
combined[1] - birthday 
lively[1] - combined 
childhood[1] - and 
twenties[1] - between 
irresponsible[1] - twenties 
comfortably[1] - together 
happened[3] - to . that 
dashed[1] - . 
hopes[1] - of 
adopted[1] - frodo 
cousins[1] - began 
unimportant[1] - families 
admirers[1] - among 
devoted[1] - admirers 
fortune[1] - . 
willing[1] - to 
inexhaustible[1] - wealth 
reputedly[1] - inexhaustible 
youth[3] - as he . 
perpetual[1] - youth 
apparently[1] - perpetual 
unfair[1] - that 
shook[1] - their 
unchanged[2] - would for 
/[1] - preserved 
effect[1] - on 
marvel[1] - at 
popularly[1] - believed 
local[1] - legend 
travels[2] - had ; 
riches[1] - he 
peculiar[5] - , habits custom names words 
magnificence[1] - , 
celebrating[1] - his 
shortly[1] - be 
announced[1] - that 
elder[3] - days days days 
sought[1] - the 
record[3] - of . it 
galadriel[1] - ; 
departure[1] - of 
dwell[2] - there in 
celeborn[1] - went 
sons[1] - long 
elrond[2] - had . 
rivendell[5] - , , , . and 
information[2] - from will 
assistance[2] - and of 
probable[2] - that that 
attention[1] - . 
conjectural[1] - , 
dates[2] - given were 
collected[4] - by many and from 
material[1] - collected 
tale[6] - of is of out . long 
smials[6] - that the , , , , 
sauron[1] - . 
arising[1] - of 
menor[1] - and 
[5] - menor nedain nedain nedain nedain 
n[1] -  
materials[1] - for 
extensive[1] - materials 
heirs[1] - . 
elendil[2] - and and 
relating[1] - to 
histories[3] - or and take 
summaries[1] - of 
copies[4] - or were contain and 
gondor[8] - : , , in allow call , , 
scribes[1] - of 
manuscripts[1] - written 
successors[1] - collected 
none[3] - of other ; 
names[8] - . in , were of and out of 
elements[1] - in 
mathom[4] - and - . - 
words'[1] - as 
'shire[1] - - 
rohirrim[1] - of 
language[2] - of and 
kinship[1] - with 
discovering[1] - the 
having[3] - special walls obtained 
treatise[1] - on 
wrote[2] - a constantly 
rohan[3] - . . and 
bree[8] - to , that - , , ; and 
calendars[1] - of 
relation[1] - of 
m[3] - which minas a 
reckoning[5] - of , . , of 
herhlore[1] - of 
composed[2] - or by 
eriador[5] - and , they as is 
dealing[2] - with with 
tuckborough[2] - contained , 
bucklebury[1] - and 
libraries[2] - at that 
entirely[2] - concerned with 
available[1] - to 
sources[1] - available 
1418[1] - he 
1403[1] - and 
learning[2] - in other 
volumes[3] - were there , 
elvish'[1] - . 
translations[1] - from 
contains[1] - the 
copy[5] - is made , in , 
findegil[2] - s , 
importance[2] - of . 
king[11] - . elessar of . for at had that , they at 
faramir[1] - , 
steward[1] - faramir 
barahir[1] - , 
stated[1] - to 
war[4] - . . of the 
account[7] - of of of of as bilbo was 
lie[1] - outside 
arwen[1] - which 
aragorn[1] - and 
version[1] - of 
abbreviated[1] - version 
languages[3] - ; they of 
elvish[2] - languages knife 
quotations[1] - in 
corrections[1] - , 
annotation[1] - , 
tirith[2] - it . 
minas[2] - tirith tirith 
lost[5] - . it in for and 
omitted[1] - or 
thus[5] - the to quite began , 
thain[6] - s peregrin was had , to 
64[1] - the 
iv[2] - 64 172 
periannath[1] - , 
elessar[1] - , 
request[2] - of of 
thain's[1] - book 
details[1] - of 
exact[1] - copy 
172[2] - it its 
writer[1] - , 
king's[2] - writer messengers 
note[3] - : on in 
appended[1] - this 
scribe[1] - appended 
southern[2] - scribe star 
f[1] - . 
1592[1] - f 
r[7] - . . . . . . . 
completed[1] - in 
condor[1] - , 
samwise[2] - . , 
volume[1] - , 
fellowship[1] - . 
members[3] - of studied of 
concerning[3] - the the pipe 
genealogies[1] - , 
commentaries[1] - , 
containing[1] - commentaries 
fifth[1] - containing 
westmarch[6] - a . . added are that 
annexed[1] - to 
pages[2] - with a 
1420[1] - 1 
notes[3] - , by on 
loose[1] - leaves 
diary[1] - , 
origin[2] - bilbo's of 
wardens[1] - of 
fairbairns[1] - , 
undertowers[2] - , , 
drawn[1] - mainly 
third[5] - age age age age age 
collections[1] - were 
largest[1] - of 
records[5] - . at began of only 
historical[1] - books 
fourth[1] - age 
studied[3] - its their magic 
kingdom[5] - at awakened ended , were 
oral[1] - , 
traditions[2] - , are 
widespread[1] - interest 
awakened[1] - among 
reunited[1] - kingdom 
inclusion[1] - of 
led[2] - to to 
played[1] - by 
part[5] - played managed in later of 
begins[2] - . the 
1401[1] - at 
celebration[1] - of 
occurred[3] - in at , 
notable[1] - occurred 
1342[1] - and 
june[1] - the 
returned[3] - to to to 
secured[1] - by 
museum[2] - , at 
lent[1] - to 
hoard[2] - , was 
mail[1] - , 
coat[1] - of 
fireplace[1] - , 
sting[1] - , 
show[2] - the him 
existence[1] - , 
save[1] - gandalf 
quest[3] - , was of 
rejoined[1] - his 
guards[1] - at 
ore[3] - - , - 
escaped[1] - from 
suspicious[1] - ; 
present'[1] - , 
'birthday[1] - present' 
overheard[1] - ; 
gollum's[2] - talk heart 
confessed[1] - , 
suggested[1] - to 
invention[2] - , . 
hobbitlike[1] - invention 
mere[4] - hobbitlike 'question' luck holes 
'present'[1] - was 
idea[1] - of 
habit[4] - . : of of 
contrary[1] - to 
disturbing[1] - , 
friendship[3] - ; with with 
strained[1] - their 
questioning[1] - , 
continued[1] - to 
disbelieved[1] - bilbo's 
delete[1] - anything 
unwilling[2] - to to 
whom[5] - learned they , these they 
derived[3] - no from from 
alternative[1] - derived 
contain[1] - the 
abstracts[1] - . 
evidently[2] - it still 
altered[2] - it , 
memoirs[1] - , 
instead[1] - of 
reward[1] - instead 
game[5] - , ; ; , , 
island[5] - he ; , , of 
fetch[1] - it 
hates[1] - it 
despair[1] - : 
hate[1] - and 
enemy's[1] - cries 
pursued[1] - by 
passage[2] - , away 
fled[2] - away blindly 
courage[1] - , 
gathering[1] - his 
disadvantage[1] - . 
creature[3] - at might : 
wretched[1] - creature 
kill[3] - the him ; 
slay[1] - him 
tempted[1] - to 
bay[2] - , , 
crouched[1] - at 
eastward[1] - side 
gates[1] - of 
lower[2] - gates anduin 
opening[1] - that 
unseen[1] - opening 
halt[1] - before 
escape[2] - from . 
'precious'[4] - ; . was , 
cursing[1] - , 
along[1] - , 
warily[1] - bilbo 
'thief[1] - should 
lest[1] - the 
guard[1] - the 
saved[1] - by 
blindly[1] - up 
peril[1] - , 
recover[1] - his 
murder[1] - the 
sped[1] - back 
flame[1] - as 
pocketses[1] - ? 
shiver[1] - down 
screech[1] - sent 
weapon[1] - at 
hungry[1] - now 
treachery[1] - was 
ages[3] - alone ago folk 
break[1] - them 
wickedest[1] - things 
sacred[1] - , 
promises[1] - were 
prove[1] - false 
slimy[1] - creature 
promise[1] - . 
answer[2] - , , 
accepting[1] - it 
agree[2] - that that 
strict[1] - rules 
'riddle'[1] - according 
'question'[1] - and 
question[1] - was 
whether[1] - this 
differ[1] - whether 
authorities[1] - , 
guesses[1] - . 
failed[1] - to 
haw[1] - i 
riddle[3] - to which - 
stumped[1] - at 
riddles[1] - . 
challenge[1] - ; 
accepted[2] - the . 
lead[1] - him 
wished[1] - : 
defeated[1] - him 
eat[2] - him , 
challenged[1] - bilbo 
gain[1] - time 
knife[1] - , 
attacked[1] - bilbo 
spying[1] - on 
talked[1] - to 
wearer[1] - invisible 
struggle[1] - . 
strangle[1] - it 
ate[1] - any 
raw[1] - . 
fish[1] - with 
blind[1] - fish 
catching[1] - blind 
luminous[1] - eyes 
peering[1] - with 
paddled[1] - a 
loathsome[1] - little 
rock[1] - in 
roots[1] - of 
lying[2] - on districts 
groped[1] - in 
wilderland[2] - ; . 
misty[3] - mountains mountains mountains 
pass[1] - of 
assailed[1] - by 
'accident'[1] - by 
annals[1] - of 
earned[1] - more 
scarcely[1] - have 
renown[1] - were 
deeds[1] - of 
slain[1] - , 
thorin[2] - was oakenshield 
fought[3] - , within among 
destroyed[1] - . 
guarded[1] - the 
successful[1] - , 
erebor[1] - in 
beneath[1] - erebor 
kings[4] - under , from of 
hoards[1] - of 
1341[1] - shire 
astonishment[1] - , 
lasting[1] - astonishment 
exile[1] - . 
descendant[1] - of 
oakenshield[1] - , 
thirteen[1] - dwarves 
4[1] - of 
'nephew'[1] - . 
revealed[1] - to 
considerable[1] - wealth 
memorable[1] - journey 
portended[1] - . 
notion[1] - of 
heeded[2] - the less 
prowling[1] - about 
persons[1] - and 
complaints[1] - of 
reports[2] - and of 
increased[1] - . 
greatly[1] - increased 
themselves[5] - a , . in . 
outsiders[1] - of 
bounds[1] - and 
'beat[1] - the 
employed[1] - to 
varying[1] - at 
body[1] - , 
farthing[1] - , 
beasts[2] - than knew 
strayings[1] - of 
policemen[1] - , 
haywards[1] - than 
practice[2] - rather , 
caps[1] - ; 
feather[1] - in 
uniforms[1] - such 
equivalent[1] - that 
nearest[1] - equivalent 
police[1] - , 
shirriffs[1] - was 
walk[1] - . 
afternoon's[1] - walk 
lettered[1] - , 
means[1] - all 
busier[1] - of 
numerous[5] - , and , . formerly 
messengers[2] - were , 
services[1] - , 
service[1] - and 
messenger[1] - service 
managed[2] - both their 
mayoralty[1] - , 
attached[1] - to 
shirriff[1] - were 
postmaster[1] - and 
offices[1] - of 
intervals[1] - . 
frequent[1] - intervals 
holidays[1] - , 
banquets[1] - , 
preside[1] - at 
mayor[2] - almost of 
midsummer[1] - . 
lithe[1] - , 
downs[4] - at , to . 
elected[1] - every 
instance[1] - . 
isengrim[3] - the the the 
referring[1] - to 
nonetheless[4] - , , , nimble 
endured[2] - , , 
approved[1] - . 
tolerated[1] - in 
qualities[1] - , 
temperament[1] - . 
adventurous[2] - temperament , 
habits[1] - and 
characters[2] - of of 
produce[1] - in 
wealthy[1] - , 
respect[1] - , 
accorded[1] - a 
dignity[1] - . 
nominal[1] - dignity 
thainship[1] - had 
emergency[1] - , 
moot[2] - were , 
muster[2] - and and 
arms[2] - , . 
hobbitry[1] - - 
captain[1] - of 
title[2] - ever of 
borne[1] - that 
centuries[3] - before between among 
oldbucks[1] - some 
eminent[1] - ; 
pre[1] - - 
laws[2] - of ; 
essential[1] - laws 
attributed[1] - to 
wicked[1] - things 
norbury[2] - were as 
kings'[1] - norbury 
ruins[1] - of 
thousand[3] - years years six 
fornost[2] - , with 
generations[2] - . of 
remain[1] - unchanged 
trades[1] - tended 
workshops[2] - , . 
farms[2] - , , 
estates[1] - , 
moderate[1] - , 
contented[1] - and 
greedy[1] - , 
occupied[2] - most , 
affairs[1] - . 
'government'[1] - . 
1462[1] - the 
v[1] - , 
marches[2] - : . 
farthings[2] - were already 
tookland[1] - , 
folklands[2] - . , 
although[1] - by 
referred[1] - to 
quarters[1] - , 
divided[2] - into into 
ordering[1] - of 
skilful[3] - in fingers with 
wizards[2] - first , 
allow[1] - us 
nedain[4] - of . , , 
d[4] -     
greenway[1] - during 
fragrance[1] - of 
esteem[1] - it 
galenas[1] - , 
longbottom[3] - . leaf in 
places[2] - like within 
sheltered[2] - places , 
flourishes[1] - only 
richer[1] - and 
abundantly[1] - in 
grows[2] - abundantly well 
westernesse[2] - . ; 
originally[2] - brought lived 
anduin[3] - , , , 
northward[1] - from 
native[1] - to 
weed[6] - itself spread . in or there 
convinced[1] - me 
observations[1] - that 
butterbur[1] - from 
prancing[1] - pony 
centre[1] - of 
fro[1] - through 
wanderers[1] - , 
rangers[1] - , 
recent[1] - centuries 
genuine[1] - weed 
colonists[1] - but 
pipe[4] - - - - - 
smokers[1] - of 
actual[1] - smokers 
slopes[1] - of 
plant[2] - in is 
possible[2] - that the 
traveller[1] - . 
herbs[2] - , , 
dying[1] - day 
recorded[1] - , 
toby[2] - came , 
star[1] - . 
leaf[2] - , , 
varieties[1] - now 
1070[1] - of 
gardens[1] - in 
tobold[1] - hornblower 
sweeter[1] - . 
fouler[1] - , 
quoted[1] - . 
herblore[1] - of 
introduction[1] - to 
follows[1] - , 
play[1] - a 
tobacco[1] - of 
antiquity[1] - was 
discovered[3] - about by . 
'art'[1] - as 
surrounds[1] - the 
mystery[1] - surrounds 
nicotiana[1] - . 
herb[1] - , 
burning[1] - leaves 
wood[2] - , , 
clay[1] - or 
inhaled[1] - , 
imbibed[1] - or 
astonishing[2] - habit thing 
mentioned[2] - , at 
contradictions[1] - . 
square[1] - with 
accurate[1] - : 
delighted[2] - in in 
genealogical[2] - trees lore 
degree[1] - . 
innumerable[1] - branches 
elaborate[1] - family 
relationships[1] - with 
reckoned[2] - up from 
clannish[1] - and 
mansion[1] - . 
tunnelled[1] - mansion 
ancestral[2] - and habit 
comparative[1] - peace 
bachelors[1] - very 
inhabited[1] - by 
houses[3] - and were of 
architecture[1] - . 
peculiarity[1] - of 
remaining[1] - peculiarity 
preference[1] - for 
devices[1] - , 
building[4] - had may , farmhouses 
bulged[1] - . 
somewhat[3] - bulged bolder different 
turves[1] - , 
roofed[1] - with 
straw[1] - , 
dry[1] - grass 
thatched[1] - with 
imitations[1] - of 
fashion[2] - . , 
death[1] - , 
token[1] - of 
dealings[1] - with 
distrustful[1] - of 
lengthened[1] - they 
swim[1] - . 
misgivings[1] - , 
regarded[1] - even 
report[1] - it 
sailed[1] - upon 
climb[1] - it 
lop[1] - of 
mound[1] - . 
furthest[1] - away 
tallest[1] - was 
immemorial[1] - age 
reach[2] - of three 
within[2] - reach the 
dwelt[4] - still there between in 
forsaken[1] - middle 
kindred[1] - had 
teachers[1] - of 
direct[1] - from 
crafts[1] - beside 
elsewhere[1] - in 
marish[2] - , down 
trace[1] - of 
fallohide[2] - had brothers 
harfoot[1] - or 
chins[1] - . 
blood[1] - , 
stoors[5] - in . lingered were , 
muddy[1] - weather 
boots[1] - in 
legged[1] - , 
eastfarthing[1] - , 
quarter[1] - , 
inhabitants[1] - of 
barns[1] - was 
farmhouses[1] - and 
sheds[1] - and 
build[3] - sheds above ; 
accustomed[2] - to to 
cartwrights[1] - , 
ropers[1] - , 
millers[1] - , 
favoured[1] - by 
stone[2] - . , 
brick[1] - , 
township[1] - of 
villages[1] - , 
regions[2] - and in 
hilly[1] - regions 
ground[2] - . , 
above[2] - ground hearths 
multiplied[2] - , after 
districts[1] - the 
flats[1] - and 
everywhere[1] - to 
smicils[1] - as 
ramifying[1] - tunnels 
sites[1] - for 
suitable[1] - sites 
diggings[1] - of 
simple[2] - diggings jests 
versions[1] - of 
luxurious[1] - versions 
constructed[1] - more 
primitive[1] - kind 
poorest[2] - went hobbits 
maintained[2] - the , 
richest[1] - and 
abode[1] - . 
forms[1] - of 
adopt[1] - other 
obliged[2] - to to 
dwellings[2] - they were 
trespassing[1] - beasts 
cover[1] - , 
arrows[1] - . 
bows[1] - and 
eyed[3] - and , , 
keen[1] - - 
bow[1] - , 
shot[1] - well 
handle[1] - arms 
doughty[1] - at 
killing[1] - nothing 
sport[1] - killing 
quarrel[1] - , 
slow[1] - to 
bellies[1] - and 
foe[1] - , 
grief[1] - , 
handling[1] - by 
rough[1] - handling 
survive[1] - rough 
unwearyingly[1] - fond 
daunt[1] - or 
tough[2] - . leathery 
ease[1] - and 
crowded[1] - with 
apt[2] - to to 
throw[1] - away 
immediate[1] - use 
hearths[1] - or 
trophies[1] - , 
store[2] - of of 
grandfather's[1] - tale 
winters[1] - were 
bitter[1] - white 
ravening[1] - out 
wolves[1] - that 
milder[1] - , 
weathers[1] - had 
invasion[1] - of 
routed[1] - an 
bandobras[2] - took took 
1147[1] - in 
greenfields[1] - , 
opens[1] - , 
maintain[1] - themselves 
fight[1] - to 
olden[1] - days 
warlike[1] - , 
labours[1] - of 
guardians[1] - , 
plied[1] - their 
comer[1] - of 
region[1] - of 
named[2] - it , 
marshes[1] - in 
northern[1] - moors 
leagues[1] - it 
vineyards[1] - , 
cornlands[1] - , 
tilled[2] - , earth 
entered[1] - it 
deserted[1] - when 
60[1] - were 
1158[1] - 60 
dearth[1] - 1158 
perished[1] - , 
thousands[1] - then 
famine[1] - that 
winter[1] - and 
disaster[1] - of 
37[1] - until 
plague[1] - s 
prospered[1] - and 
chiefs[1] - a 
ended[1] - ; 
aid[1] - of 
bowmen[1] - to 
angmar[1] - they 
lord[1] - of 
witch[1] - - 
meddled[1] - not 
chieftains[2] - and among 
ruled[1] - by 
subjects[1] - , 
lordship[1] - . 
acknowledge[1] - his 
speed[1] - the 
roads[1] - , 
bridges[1] - and 
repair[1] - , 
ail[1] - the 
stonebows[1] - , 
following[1] - of 
baranduin[1] - with 
brown[2] - river . 
crossed[2] - the the 
fornostl[1] - , 
blanco[1] - , 
marcho[1] - and 
brothers[1] - , 
personal[1] - names 
lune[2] - . , 
alas[1] - to 
coasts[1] - of 
arnor[1] - to 
current[1] - through 
westron[1] - as 
manner[1] - of 
write[1] - after 
doubtless[2] - , the 
chetwood[1] - that 
reduced[1] - in 
settlements[1] - had 
earlier[3] - settlements book chapters 
communities[1] - . 
ere[1] - long 
incomers[1] - , 
falling[1] - far 
dwindling[1] - fast 
remnant[1] - still 
westlands[1] - of 
masters[1] - of 
noted[1] - among 
strain[1] - could 
fallohidish[1] - strain 
harfoots[5] - or and had were , 
clans[1] - of 
leaders[1] - or 
bolder[1] - and 
preceded[1] - them 
mingled[1] - with 
hoarwell[1] - . 
tilling[1] - . 
handicrafts[1] - ; 
branch[1] - . 
northerly[1] - branch 
fallohides[3] - , were . 
dunland[1] - before 
tharbad[1] - and 
southwards[1] - ; 
loudwater[1] - southwards 
shy[2] - of of 
banks[1] - of 
lingered[1] - long 
longest[1] - preserved 
inclined[2] - to to 
representative[1] - variety 
normal[1] - and 
weathertop[1] - while 
roamed[1] - over 
foothills[1] - of 
woodlands[1] - . 
lovers[1] - of 
slimmer[1] - than 
taller[2] - and . 
skin[2] - and , 
fairer[1] - of 
riversides[1] - . 
heavier[1] - in 
broader[1] - , 
hillsides[1] - . 
highlands[1] - and 
nimble[2] - ; and 
neat[1] - and 
bootless[1] - ; 
beardless[1] - and 
shorter[2] - , . 
smaller[2] - , than 
browner[1] - of 
breeds[1] - : 
darkened[1] - and 
undertook[1] - the 
greenwood[1] - the 
eaves[1] - of 
vales[1] - of 
upper[1] - vales 
glimpse[1] - a 
earliest[1] - tales 
evidence[1] - of 
settlement[1] - of 
lore[2] - was , 
knowledge[1] - . 
linger[1] - : 
shape[1] - of 
counsels[1] - of 
renowned[1] - , 
count[1] - , 
aware[1] - of 
preserve[1] - any 
relationship[1] - is 
exactly[1] - our 
ours[1] - : 
estrangement[1] - hobbits 
spite[1] - of 
plain[1] - indeed 
freely[1] - and 
hospitable[1] - and 
jests[1] - at 
heartily[1] - , 
mouths[1] - apt 
cheeked[1] - , 
natured[1] - rather 
comely[1] - things 
shoe[1] - - 
practised[1] - among 
curling[1] - hair 
thick[1] - curling 
clad[1] - in 
soles[1] - and 
leathery[1] - soles 
shoes[1] - , 
notably[1] - fond 
colours[1] - , 
dressed[1] - in 
prosperity[1] - they 
dealt[1] - with 
famous[2] - characters in 
surpassed[1] - in 
horse[1] - . 
ride[1] - a 
foot[1] - five 
bullroarer[1] - son 
dwindled[1] - , 
hive[1] - dwindled 
measure[1] - . 
ranging[1] - between 
variable[1] - , 
stocky[1] - , 
tout[1] - and 
races[1] - . 
clumsier[1] - races 
inimitable[1] - by 
rendered[1] - inimitable 
heredity[1] - and 
professional[1] - skill 
solely[1] - to 
elusiveness[1] - is 
developed[1] - until 
blundering[1] - by 
movements[1] - . 
deft[1] - in 
unnecessarily[1] - , 
hurry[1] - unnecessarily 
fat[1] - and 
hearing[1] - and 
quick[1] - of 
becoming[1] - hard 
dismay[1] - and 
avoid[1] - us 
folk'[1] - , 
tools[1] - . 
loom[1] - , 
mill[1] - , 
bellows[1] - , 
forge[1] - bellows 
complicated[1] - than 
machines[1] - more 
haunt[1] - . 
countryside[1] - was 
farmed[1] - countryside 
formerly[1] - than 
unobtrusive[1] - but 
recalled[1] - . 
briefly[1] - recalled 
points[1] - are 
readers[1] - a 
outset[1] - , 
involved[1] - all 
chapters[1] - of 
published[1] - , 
reader[1] - may 

